Wow. I ordered a few things for pickup and was thoroughly impressed with everything. The arugula salad with French balsamic was simple but absolutely delicious, and the proportions were more than generous. The beet salad with goat cheese was refreshing, and the mushroom croquettes were crispy and flavorful despite my taking a fair amount of time to actually eat them once picked up. I generally add salt to everything, but all of the dishes I received came perfectly seasoned. Can't wait to come back for table service and a cocktail.
Very happy to finally visit this place! Their burger is beyond exceptional. My partner got a steak and had food envy after having a bite of it. He said the steak wasn't really that great to begin with. The service here is as good as their burger. I'll come back for sure. Maybe tomorrow. Probably not that soon because I'll still be digesting this burger but it's gonna happen
Wish there were more cute / low key French bistro like Chez Moi in NYC ! Unpretentious and effortlessly chic -  outdoor seating, tents, string light. Just missing the accordion performers, almost Paris ;)

Food was typical bistro fair, e.g. mule frites , steak tartar , fish (mostly NY local), roasted chicken. We ordered exactly what we craved for - mules and frites! Two pounds worth of mussels soaked in buttery shallot rosemary whitewine sauce. Tasted just like what I had at the cute bistro in Montmartre, Pairs. Paired with a crispy un-oaked Macon villages chardonnay, golden. The grilled octopus was nice flavor tho a bit burnt and the sauce a tad too heavy .

All in all, this place is a gem!
I'm so happy this restaurant was open during COVID-19. After striking out on a couple of other spots we were seated in under 30 minutes on a busy Friday night.

We started off with a glass of Sancerre. Excellent wine, nice and crisp.

Next up we had the mussels and risotto. Both were delicious. I loved the risotto as it had a little kale in it which I thought was fun and unique!

Last but not least we had the chocolate mousse and creme brûlée for dessert. The chocolate mousse was easily the best I've ever had. Licked it clean.

Super friendly wait staff and great service. Amazing desserts!
We've dined at this French bistro several times this past year.  With its charming and rustic interior, Chez Moi is the kind of place you visit for the ambiance.  While the food and drink are fantastic, unfortunately the table service leaves a lot to be desired.  Since this restaurant is in our neighborhood and we enjoy the food, it's a worthwhile experience.

Here are some (hopefully organized) thoughts on our meals:
- The seafood is excellent.  I recommend everything from the $1 Oysters to the Tuna Tartare to the Mussels and Wild Skate Fish.  The seafood is fresh, well-prepared, and tasty.
- The DIY Charcuterie or Country Pate are a great way to start off your meal... although the bread is so-so TBH.
- Skip the Steak, get the Frites!  The Steak isn't terrible, but it tastes like its priced ($27).  Stick to the seafood!
- The cocktails are well-made.  The basement speakeasy is a neat way to kick off or wind down your evening.

Cheers!
This place is fantastic!  The food is good and wait staff are friendly- kid friendly as well! We started off with croquettes which was great then ordered mussels, steak frites and duck breast. The duck breast was the best - crispy skin, juicy fat and tender meat! I got it medium raw. However the dish could do with better sides to compliment the duck! Cherry reduction perhapss?

The steak amazingly tender but I havent been to a french bistro that has screwed up steak! The mussels were a hit with the kids!  We ordered desserts and the portions were massive! The profiteroles were the sizes if baby fists ans double ice cream - on top and inside!  The creme brûlée was huge! Overrall  attentive, patient wait staff and amazing food - I am very happy :)
Chez Moi is the rare New York French restaurant that serves French food.

The experience is excellent, and consistent in a warm, service- forward atmosphere. This also comes at extremely, well-priced value.

What I mean by French food, versus other French restaurants,  is that it's not a weak facsimile of touristy, Parisian bistro food. Rather, its food has the flavor, textures, and delicacy of the food of France.

I had been to the restaurant years ago, but I came to appreciate it more since my recent trips to French cities outside of Paris with Dijon, Lyon, and Bordeaux coming to mind readily having tasted this food days after returning from Dijon.
I'm on the fence about this place between 3 and 4 stars.

We shared a brunch at the bar with the chicken sandwich and fries.

The fries were some of the cleanest and best I've ever had.  So good in fact, I had almost finished them by the time the ketchup arrived that I asked for 10 minutes ago.

I like it when the order comes, already cut and split on separate plates when you tell them you're sharing.   The chicken sandwich was pretty darn good too, but the portion was just ok. (even if whole)

I love the ambiance but wife isn't a fan of French wooden bar stools.  I say they cradle my butt nicely.  To each his/her own.

It's those drink prices that kick the bill into high gear.  If you're having 2 drinks each, and sharing, you're still looking at $80+ tip.  In the world of sustainability, I don't find that sustainable.  If you're rolling in it...or bypass the booze, I'd recommend it in a minute.   Otherwise, keep strolling Atlantic avenue.
A lovely Bistro in the heart of Brooklyn heights with delish food and good Service. We shared several appetizers which were all yummy my favorite was Smoked Salmon with Creme Fraîche, Capers. The smoke salmon as this gal from Brooklyn would call lox was excellent cultivated perfectly with a nice soft oily texture. The oysters where my second favorite starter very creamy just awesome.

My main dish Skate fish over purée lima Beans, with veggies. The fish tender flaky and the veggies medley was flavored perfectly. My favorite phrase To describe my feeing I had a fun party in my mouth.

My dessert was incredible, cream Brulé  perfecto yes another grand party in my mouth.

I will for sure go back to restaurant bravo my friends. Oui oui.
We are visiting from Reno, NV and were told about Chez Moi.  We had a delightful time.  The food was outstanding as well as the service.  I am always astounded at places such as this.  A wonderful gem with a little hidden attitude.
Make sure you find the secret entrance to the amazing craft cocktail bar downstairs.  Very fun to look for and find.  Craft cocktails can be a little stuffy however on this night it was not busy and our cocktail virtuoso delighted us in drink and conversation.
Go take a look and enjoy good food and wondrous decor.
I live in the area and one of my neighbors recommended this place many times. To be very honest, with so many pizza places I often choose that over French food. Don't be like me!
We came here for dinner. First of all, the decor is very beautiful and it felt cozy with the dim lights. We did not have a reservation, but, luckily, someone who did was late or didn't show up. I recommend making a reservation since there are only a few tables (maybe 12?). We were seated promptly and ordered some drinks. The Basilic was a great one - I love when coconut is so nicely incorporated into a drink. I had the Chez Moi, which felt pretty watered down, although the idea was good.
We were asked by the waiter to order everything at once so they time everything in the kitchen. For starters: french onion soup, charred octopus and cheese board. The french onion soup was the star: I loved how everything was balanced. The octopus had a somewhat rubbery texture and the hazelnuts/chickpeas did not really make a lot of sense there in our opinion. The cheese board was good, but the cheeses felt like they were just taken out of the fridge.
For mains: moules frites (with Provençal sauce), steak tartar and lamb shank. I tried the sauce in the mussels and it was delicious.
The steak tartar was very flavorful and fresh as well. Amazing french fries!!
The lamb shank was HUGE! It took no effort to take the meat off the bone. The couscous tasted off. The vegetables were simple but cooked correctly.
The prices were great considering the amount of food ordered. The main courses come in satisfying portions. I think this place is a good option in the neighborhood.
I was in the area mid-week and heard they had $1 oysters so had to stop by.  Had a dozen and they were very good and so ordered another dozen.  I then decided to just have dinner there so ordered mussels  and fries with the marniere - very tasty broth and quite a bit of garlic which I love.  The place definitely has a french bistro look and feel to it with french speaking staff.  A little bit of Paris in Brooklyn. Will be back.
Delicious food and incredible service! Vanessa was such a pleasure to have as our server. Though we came at the latest hour, she had so much good energy. The escargot and the French soup were my favorite! The lamb was so soft and fell off the bone right away. Thank you!
Pretty good French food. We were able to get seated on a Monday night at 8PM without a reservation.

We ordered escargot ($13) and pate ($11) to start. For entree, I got the duck breast ($28). The escargot doesn't come with shell but was very tender. Ask for some house bread to soak up the tasty oil and brine. I also really like the duck breast - a texture that almost melts in your mouth.

Docked a star for the pate (which was subpar; I wouldn't recommend) and the pricing. It's pretty standard for the area, but entrees are in the mid-$20s and are pretty small.
Love this place! They were able to accommodate me and my husband on a Saturday evening without having a reservation. The food was superb and didn't take long to come out at all. I was ready to have seconds of everything it was all so good. Cant wait to be back!
Always a go to for this neighborhood. Fantastic service for one. The food is always top notch. The escargot is fantastic, always a treat, just so, so good. I usually go with the skate, comes with some nice veggies and mashed potatoes. This time I was enticed by the fish special which was some fish, shrimp, mussels, fingerling potato and zucchini in a kind of light curry sauce. All delicious, just beautifully cooked. My buddy always goes for the salmon or chicken, with the salmon being his favorite. Good wine and a really nice chocolate mousse for dessert!
What a little gem! Last minute devision resulted in myself my husband and our friend going there for dinner. The ambience is really nice and romantic I would say. Perfect spot for a date. We ordered fois gras, croquettes, minestrone to start with followed by chicken and muscles which were very tasty. Food is nicely presented too! Our waitress was friendly and attentive. We shall be back!
Right on the edge of Brooklyn Heights, this french like restaurant really delivers. Very friendly, seats you quickly (with reservations), and works to deliver what you desire.

We really enjoyed the oysters, especially during happy hour prices. The escargot is absolutely amazing. The "steak and frites" were our hosts favorites, and ordering them once, we agreed. During our three weeks visit, we went here at least four times - and they recognized us quickly.

Great place, great food.
French food without the pretentiously tiny portion size or brouhaha in presentation and design - what more could I ask for?

Chez Moi is immediately inviting and warm on a winter's night, illuminated by dim and intimate lighting, and featuring a small but comfy space for you to enjoy your food. My friend and I got here around 7:30 on a Saturday night so we ended up sitting at the bar, which was perfectly fine because for once, this was a bar with seating that was adequately spaced out so you weren't elbowing the people next to you every five seconds.

I ordered the Jolie (absolutely delicious, a little sip of heaven) and the burger, which was excellently prepared and paired with a humongous pile of fries and a well-seasoned salad. The service was a little slow but it was a busy night and the bartender was doing His Best.

The food here is really, really excellent and I'm excited to have found another gem in this excellent neighborhood.
Great ambiance Great service GREAT DRINKS, you'll like everything. We had the salmon, duck breast, gazpacho, escargot, sorbet, and crème brûlée and we had no complaints.
A hidden gem I walked into at Cobble Hill! The service and atmosphere was great and welcoming. Staff was attentive and kind. Their cocktails are really good. I wasn't that hungry, so I had steak frites and oysters! Delicious mixed oysters with fresh lemons. I came with a group and had no issues, after the light dinner we moved down to the actual hidden gem downstairs of Chez Moi. The ambience is dim lit and cozy both upstairs and down at Le Boudoir. I'll be back to try more from their menu.
Overall ****

Decor/ambiance *****
Small cute french restaurant, nice decor and cozy place with full bar.
Especial $1 oysters

Food *****
Had the seared duck breast with farro and orange sauce. It was absolutely delicious. Duck was perfect medium rare with crispy skin and not too fat. Laying in a bed of farro perfectly cooked, soaked in a delicious and fragant sauce, the orange gastrique was amazing.
Market fish of the night was cod. A bed od cod with potatos combined with a white sauce and top with crispy crambles. Very unique dish. Totally recommended.
Garlic and parmesan french fries. These were ok the garlic sauce made them too oily. You can survive without these.

Dessert **
Creme brulee was disappointing. It was very creamy, which in most cases is good but this creaminess was weird. It tastes like butter, greasy and unpleasant. It definitely didn't tasted like classic creme brulee. The sugar on top was perfect though. A bit burned but not too much.

Drinks***
These were kind of disappointing too.  I had order the chez moi especial before checking the review. When someone said do not recommend. Please listen to them!

Service****
Service was good. Our waitress was very courteous and attentive.
I've been for brunch multiple times and it's always good.  Feels like a little place you would find in France.  Quaint, casual vibe and tasty, no-fuss cooking.  The crepes are great!  Would like to try for dinner as well.
First I got a water glass with a lipstick stain on it, then when I asked if they served oysters on the weekend (not particularly wanting brunch at that moment), learned that they ONLY serve them during the week days, and apparently only when they have the $1 offer. I suspect I'd have a totally different experience if I came for brunch.

I opted for a cocktail instead and got the Chez Moi, which was excellent. But opted to venture elsewhere to cure my seafood craving.
Reservations for four people were made for 9 o'clock.  After 40 minutes of waiting for service and repeatedly asking the hostess for a waiter, we got up and left.  As we exited, the hostess and all the "staff" just shook their heads with a mumbled "sorry."  Never ever had we had such a shameful experience in a New York restaurant.  I sincerely hope the owner of the establishment is reading this review.
A 3 is average right?  It wasn't great, it wasn't terrible, it was fine.  That is how I would describe my meal at Chez Moi.

I ordered the steak and frites and my partner order the skate.  What made each dish fine and not delicious?  Everything was one noted, I guess you could say.  The one note was salt and luckily it wasn't over salted but a second note of herbs or fat or something to make it more than a boring piece of steak would have really made this a 4+ star dining experience.  My partners dish was more or less a piece of fish and potatoes.  There was no magic on the plate.  No wonderful layers of acid and fat and fun dancing together, just fish and mashed potatoes.

I think simple dishes run the risk of being uncared for because they don't take much concentration to prepare, unfortunately,  doing that, you end up with boring, uninspired food.
So....Chez Moi. Really decent food, really mediocre service, at best.  We had two servers, fine. We waited about 20 minutes for our drinks after waiting 15 to order and looked at the bar, where the barkeep was jaw-jacking and definitely NOT making our drinks. All in all, service was just SUPER slow. Unapologetically slow. And the food was decent. Beet and Goat Cheese Salad was BOMB. Everything else was really just decent. I wouldn't go again on purpose unless it were for the oysters which they don't serve in the weekends. Ehh?! I'm all set.
It's cozy, good french food for a reasonable price. Nice staff and music. I'd recommend! Ps: from a frenchie
I was pleasantly surprised by this local French restaurant. My boyfriend really wanted to find a place to have a meal in tribute to Notre Dame after the fire and this was a perfect spot for that.

At the start the service was a little iffy (we opted to sit at the bar), but after a little bit as the crowd slowed down, we were happy to find the staff accommodating and charming to talk to.

As a vegetarian, there's not always a lot of options for me in French cuisine, but they were willing to make a veg option of the risotto special. It was surprisingly scrumptious. My boyfriend got classic oysters (they have several flavor options) and fries - if you do anything at all, definitely get the fries. They were incredible!

Overall we had a lovely date night and will return again soon.
Celebrated my birthday dinner there with 7 people last weekend.  Food included steak tartare, steak frites, tuna tartare, kale salad, onion soup, and grilled octopus.  All good.  Server a little (maybe more than a little) chatty and attentive at the wrong times (when we got the check).  All in all, nice neighborhood place, and would happily return.
PROS:
- Crispy Chicken Sandwich - OMG this is amazing! You have to get this! Portions are big and the chicken was fried to perfection and it was juicy. 5 STARS

- Mushrooms, Cheese, Spinach Crepe - very filling. Very delicious however it was slightly on the salty side. 4 STARS.

CONS:
- Chez Moi Cocktail (Vodka, Fresh Mint, Lime, Crème de Cassis, Seltzer)- was rec'd by the waitress to get this but I did not like it. I did not taste the Creme de Cassis at all in this drink. It was mostly vodka and fresh mint.

- I had heartburn from drinking the cocktail with the fried chicken. I guess next time I am not going to mix alcohol with greasy and fried food. Lesson learned.
I keep coming back here-because the food is so good : ).  My husband and I have tried a lot of the menu and have thoroughly enjoyed every meal.  Great place for a date night or a cozy reunion with a friend or two.  Not sure about very large groups, especially without a reservation, as the place is a little small.  Which brings me to why I took off a star.  It can be very loud and tight here, waiters are crawling over the chairs and each other to take and deliver orders and I just don't enjoy that aspect as much. Also, maybe because of this?, wait service tends to be a bit insincere and even rude at times.
Just a lovely Mother's Day brunch venue. My daughter had lobster eggs Benedict, which had lots of rich flavor, and a beautiful presentation. I loved my Croque Monsieur, a lovely, crunchy grilled cheese with bechamel and gruyere.

We saw in a window, enjoying the fresh upbeat ambiance with a view through white lace cafe curtains, and had fine service, even on this very busy day.

A new favorite!
I keep missing chances to have oyster happy hour and brunch here, but I have been to their downstairs speakeasy (The Boudoir) and had drinks at their main bar. They have a great cocktail program - the kind where at least one ingredient in each drink will make you go "hmm". They even have a drink featuring foie gras! I had the bacon infused rye whiskey drink because bacon. Equal parts yum and strong. Cocktails are reasonably priced at $12. Super cool bartenders as well! Great crowd, and go downstairs for some dancing afterward!
I was really, really excited to try this place - but I walked out with mixed feelings about it.
Food was ok, but not memorable nor truly french.
Decor is understated, but clean - that's all I can say about it.

There were so many hiccups in service, tho....
We really wanted to try their bacon-infused cocktail, but were told they just started infusing it and it will take couple hours. Seriously, don't you supposed to do all prep before restaurant opens? Ok, we got different drinks unread.
Than oysters mixup happen - waitress did not seem to know which ones were which for reorder, which led to series of trips to the kitchen. When that was in progress, a guy walked by our table and dropped drink on the edge - not a word said. What? Did he leave it there to drink later??? All confused, we stare at it. Flagged that guy 5 min later - turned out, they did find that bacon infused drink. Ummm, ok.

I really hope they get their service issues together - this has lots of potential.
Our favorite spot when we're in Brooklyn. Great salad and risotto. Friendly staff, nice ambience. Definitely recommend.
Great place for decent French food. Well priced. Portions are big. Never walk away hungry. Just decent good food for a good price.
I made a reservation for dinner for four people on a Sunday night, and we were immediately seated when we arrived. Our server was very attentive without hovering around. Great ambiance with very cozy-feeling lighting.

I was expecting small portions, but I was pleasantly surprised to find the portions to be the perfect amount for me. Run-through of the food:

Escargots - Oh. My. God. The garlic parsley butter. The snail itself was soft, buttery deliciousness. All I can say is, Mmmm...

Wild Skate Fish - The fish was a little too salty for my taste, but mixing it with the mashed potato balanced it out. I really enjoyed the fava beans and artichoke, and I'm usually not into beans of any kind.

Seared Duck Breast - This is a must order. The meat is so tender and juicy, and the orange sauce paired really well with the duck flavor.

Truffle Oil Risotto Special of the Day - This was good, but a couple of bites were enough for me. It was rich and creamy.

Creme Brûlée - Smooth as silk with a nice burnt sugared top.

Île Flottante - One of the most amazing desserts I've ever had. It was like I had a cloud on my tongue, and the milky sauce was not overly sweet. This was perfection.
Amazing food and service. And the lounge downstairs is to die for. Love the ambience there. Perfect for a intimate date night with someone very special.
Food is excellent. Service is great. Can get a little crowded but so worth it! Love his place
