I went here last year pre-covid and enjoyed my experience here. I'm not even a big beer drinker, but I liked all the different beers that I tried. They have a huge beer selection and delicious food. They even have a whiskey bar. I went over the weekend and they had brunch. It was back in April around Easter and they had a Cadbury Creme porter which was pretty good. I also tried a strawberry sour that was really refreshing. They have a lot of delicious pizzas. We had the burrata pizza and the margherita pizza. We also got the chicken and waffles, which is my go-to for brunch. The chicken was super crispy and the waffle was perfect. A friend joined us and ordered the rosemary fries which were really good as well. I also tried the matcha and blueberry beers which I enjoyed as well. I loved the variety of all the beer and the food and would definitely go back.

Follow my food instagram @ms_new_foodie for all my foodie adventures.


This place is awesome -- have been coming here for a few years, but has been a rock during the Covid era.

I highly recommend the Burrata and the Shishito peppers for starters, he cheeseburger and chicken sandwich are phenomenal for the main course, especially if you are looking for something other than pizza (which are all great).


I'm giving Circa Brewing five stars because the food, beer, service, and outdoor dining were all on point when I visited yesterday with three friends. We arrived around 3 and were seated outside right away. A few pumps of hand sanitizer, then we scanned the QR code for the menu.

I'll start by describing the food. Pizzas are a focus, and we ordered a couple very different pies: the Heirloom, a white pie with tomato slices, and the Boys Got Heat, a spicy pepper pizza with hot sausage. The former is lighter and succulent, while the latter hit all the savory hot spots.

We also ordered a 12-piece wings, half buffalo, half sweet tea brined. I wasn't all that crazy about the sweet tea wings, and the buffalo wings didn't blow me away either, though I did like the dipping sauce the wings came with. Our table also shared an order of rosemary french fries, a decent portion which we quickly devoured.

I got to try a few of the beers, and they were all fresh and delicious. I liked the Special most of all, and the Golden Belgian was also enjoyable. I was a little surprised how good the beer was, since I hadn't heard of this brewery before. I'm happy to have made the discovery.

Also have to give praise to the awesome wait staff. Our table was well taken care of, and we enjoyed the hospitality. The suggestion to end things with fried apple pie was a good call.

To wrap things up, I'll just say that Circa satisfies, and I hope to eat more of their pizzas and drink more of their beers someday soon.


Great service, great pizza and, of course, great beer! They have a good amount of outdoor seating available plus they just finished renovating inside which is perfect with the return of indoor dining! There is a beer for everyone on the menu, ranging from light to dark (kinda their motif). Can't go wrong with any of the pizzas either! I hope to be back!


Out of the breweries I know of in NYC Circa is definitely up there in the top 5. This is because Circa checkmarks a lot of the best qualities a good brewery should have. It's spacious, has a great selection beer, and has great service. Additionally Circa also offers great food which even the best breweries I know of often don't offer.

Unlike most breweries Circa has a lot of food and, in particular, brick oven pizza options. These are generally the biggest reason I come into Circa as they are delicious. They have a lot more variety of brick oven pizza options then I have seen in other places. You can the simple marinara/margherita options for example but you can also get pizzas with a lot of different toppings and cheese. The quality and size of all the pizzas though are satisfying.

Circa however doesn't just stop at pizzas. I see they try to spice up the menu with exotic items every once in a while and it does catch my interest. I remember getting some Iberian ham here a few years ago... it was mad expensive but it was the first time I ever had high quality ham like that.

Besides food the beers they brew are fantastic. I am not an IPA guy so I like they have a diverse, and delicious, non-IPA selection of beers. Each these beers are brewed to the strengths of the type of beer they are too. For example, one of my favorites is the Nutty Professor which has been a long time option on their beer menu. Its a brown ale which you can taste the roastyness of the beer without too much of the hops.

I think of all the breweries I know of in NYC only 1 other place may beat it for biggest floor space. The place inside is just massive and includes a restaurant area, a bar area and during the hotter seasons a outdoor region. The feel of it is fairly industrial but not grimy industrial like Brooklyn Steel. There are lots of pipes, wooden floors and big fans on the ceiling. It feels like drinking WITHIN the sanitized space where they brew the beers.... which by the way you can see the giant brew tanks near the front.

The restaurant region in particular is nice to sit at as it can be less crowded then the bar. You can also see the oven/kitchen where they make the pizzas while you wait. That is always a fun detail when eating out.

I have known Circa for a few years and my opinion hasn't changed much. It's a fantastic place to eat and drink and I highly recommend it.


Oh, Circa. You were my white whale for awhile. I came so close to coming to you several times, but alas, I feared our meeting would never occur (okay, maybe not never, but I wasn't sure just when). It wasn't until my not-so-big-on-beer-drinking buddy orchestrated a trip into Brooklyn that began right within Circa's walls that finally made it happen. Oh and I'm glad it happened because Circa is legit.

So how does a guy who doesn't really enjoy beer too often end up suggesting a brewery? Well, he took his now-girlfriend there for one of their first dates so it has a little sentimentality for him. I mean I can see why you might be interested in choosing Circa as a date spot. The interior has some nice space to it with plenty of tables/seats and a beautiful bar that starts almost right when you walk in and wraps around a bit before ending right by the brewery silos. Besides the bar, those aforementioned seating choices involve waiter service, but between the bartenders and other staff, everyone seemed pretty chill with all orders being delivered with relative quickness.

When I say orders, it's important to note that Circa is a brewery first and foremost, but they have a full bar along with a nice little menu of delicious-sounding food options...oh and pizza. Lots of pizza. Luckily for us, my buddy's girlfriend wanted to order one up and so we went for a pie that, now I look back on and I can't place it from the list of choices. Perhaps it had hot sopressata (even though it looked like pepperoni), but either way, the pizza was piping hot with just the right amount of cheese and a lovely char on the crust. We also got an order of fries which were crisp and tasty.

I saved the best for last as Circa's beer is what should bring you back (though that pizza might too). Flights are available and so my buddy and I each got one to help range out our ability to taste almost everything. They have a great variety of styles which is always nice to see. What's nicer is to taste those differences. The Guava Sour had just the right amount of pucker-up power while their Tazzy IPA was hoppy with a little fruity kick. A few others were liked by my chums (they were big on the Vin Rogue Coco Porter which I thought was decent), but the most memorable would be their winter warmer beer 2nd Helpings. It had the perfect balance of maltiness and spices that had me dying to return for more.

In fact, I did get to return to Circa recently with one of my friends, though our trip was cut short due to Circa closing early for a wedding. That didn't stop us from getting a pint each as per the super chill bartender. I went for a new brew instead of actually getting a 2nd helping of 2nd Helpings and tried their Peaches of Normandy which was a lovely IPA that perfectly balanced bitterness and peach flavor. That bartender and staff in general didn't chase us out either which was nice as we got to relax a bit until our pints were finished. This shortened-trip only adds to my desire to come back again...and maybe again!

Overall, Circa has it all going for itself. A beautiful space, friendly staff, delicious food, and (most importantly) solidly memorable brews. I'm glad I can say I've finally been so I can check off that white whale as finally being captured. If you haven't been, consider it now your own pale-colored whale and get over there to experience Circa for yourself.



My experience at Circa is a taleof highs and lows. Ultimately I liked the place and will definitely return. I enjoyed the beer and wings and I liked the decor though I felt it was too bright. The illumination feels more suited to a high school bio class than a brew pub.

My experience started when I called Circa to make sure that they were still serving food on a Sunday night at 8:50 pm. I was told that they were serving for another 30-40 minutes. I arrived in an Uber 12 minutes later (checked the Uber app for confirmation). When we were seated and I ordered some of the wings I was told that they were only serving pizzas. I was shocked. This would have been excellent information to have 12 minutes earlier. I try to eat a low to no carb diet and was excited by several menu items (wings, salad, meat and cheese board) but alas none of that was available to me.

I approached the bartender and inquired if he was the one to answer the phone. He said he was and I asked why he didn't inform me that they were not serving the full menu. He explained that he only got the word in the interim from when I had called and when I had arrived. I explained my dietary dilemma and he said that he was sorry and he would see if he could get me some wings for me. He said they would be on the house for my inconvenience. I was appreciative and thought this was well handled.

The pizza that came to our table was quite good and the wings when delivered were also excellent. When the bill came however the wings were included. I paid for them. I didn't want to make a big deal about it but it added to the up and down experience.

The menu says in big bright letters "Dinner 5pm till close" but that is clearly not the case. This should be indicated especially when someone calls on the phone to inquire about food. Overall the food and beer was solid so I won't ding them but one star for these issues.


This place is everything in one - chill brewery for casual drinks, yummy restaurant for any meal, and great weekend hangout. I've been here a couple times for casual beers, but also decided to host a party here with friends.
The process for reserving a larger space was very simple through yelp - I was able to easily request a date and time for a larger reservation. Since my party was about 15 people, there was no minimum to reserve a large space in the back. The person I was working with, Rachel, was super helpful in confirming the space and allowing me to order appetizers and pizzas ahead of the day. There also are several event packages you can choose from.
Every pizza is incredible, especially the velvet underground, which has burrata, pesto, and hazelnuts! I love the rotating beers here, no matter what season it is, and can't wait till my next flight.



Came here for dinner this evening and it was pretty packed around 6:30pm. Got a reservation easily and seated immediately.  I've been here before and remember the food being much better in spite of them being out of several things on the menu.
We ordered the Margherita pizza, bucatini pasta and was a dessert pizza. All of the food was extremely bland and unflavored.  The pasta was especially lacking in taste in spite of the wild boar Raghu sauce. No spice, nothing.  The dessert pizza was a huge mistake.  Fried pizza dough with Nutella and something called boozy marscapone on top. The boozy marscapone tasted like blue cheese which was a terrible combination with Nutella.  I liked this place the first time I came, but nothing this time was good enough to return for.


great pizza, salad was a little boring. great outdoor seating atmosphere too - and nicely warmed up with heater lamps


That was one amazing brunch! We got a coupon for brunch that included unlimited beer or cider for 2 hours! It was the first time for us, but definitely not the last.
The place is quite big and divided into 3 different areas. You can buy some local merchandise.
Our waiter was very attentive and polite!  He was constantly checking on how we doing.
We ordered different pizzas for food and decided to try different types of beers and ciders. The pizza was a good size for a person, we shared and everything was delicious. I really liked the beer, that they make: from fruity to the stout ( which you feel is still "young", but not bad).

We had so much fun here



GREAT spot. I took a date here a couple days ago and the service was excellent. We sat at the bar and ordered a couple drinks, followed by an order of chicken and waffles and one personal pizza. The bartender was kind, attentive, and energetic - exactly what you want in a bartender. Since it was my first time visiting, I asked him what his favorite menu options were, and he was very quick to make several recommendations, which my date and I both eventually ordered. The drinks selection was a very good size, and the menu was quite comprehensive as well. I would definitely come back to this place. It's great for a date spot or just to hang out with friends. Highly recommend!


Fantastic Brewery in the heart of Brooklyn. It's also a pizzeria that serves lots of yummy food, so you can eat, drink, and be merry. I came here on a Sunday afternoon and it was fairly empty. There was no wait for a table and the servers were very attentive. I started off with an avocado toast (as pictured) that was yummy and filling. I also got some of the focaccia and jam. I'm not entirely convinced I was eating focaccia since the texture was a little different than what I was used to, but the jam was still very good.

I wanted to a try a lot of different drinks, so I went with the tasting size of the Summer Ale which wasn't bad, but I didn't love it. I then tried the Nutty Professor and the Banana Pancakes Porter. The Porter was definitely my favorite drink that I tried. The flavor was great and it wasn't too hoppy. The Nutty professor wasn't anything super unique, so it didn't stand out that much to me. Definitely want to try out their pizza the next time I come here. It looked really tasty!


We came here for a brunch the next day after an awesome New York wedding in August. We started out with a mimosa and Bloody Mary. (Mimosa was refreshing and needed for the recovery. Haha).

I didn't get the chance to take a photo of the brunch table for the list of options that they were able to provide to us.  We had different pizzas served to our table and a brunch table that had french toast (and toppings) and the classic sausage, bacon, and egg breakfast.  All was honestly delicious and very filling!

In addition to the meals, we got to do a quick brewery tour by Drew.  He made it interesting and showed us his knowledge and passion for brewing this deliciousness! haha.  We also got to try some the wheat (? I think that's what it was... it's hard to remember after 2 months have pasted).  Anyways, it was a pretty good snack haha.  I didn't have room to drink any full glasses but I had a few sips here and there from my husband who tried out some of their beers.  Very good!

Overall, positive experience, friendly staff, and great knowledge on brewing (thanks Drew!).  A spot to check out in Brooklyn!


We got a table immediately. The decor at this restaurant was something new that I had not seen before. The style can be described as Urban. Pipes and beans scatter the roof and walls , while the tables are a made from nice solid wood- making the whole place pop.

They have a huge selection of beers and ciders. The restaurant brews their own beers on the premise. I tried a rose cider which was perfect for a fall night. The cider was a mixture between grapes and a cider base. It was delicious!

The pizza menu was also pretty extensive. I am vegetarian and I had plenty of options to order. I ordered the Marinara Pizza. The pizza was pretty big, came up to about 6 slices. The pizza was divine- hot and cheese.

I would highly recommend this place for a great night out.

I came here for a yelp event forever ago and had a great time so when it came up on Pulsd I knew I had to come back. They do a bottomless brunch with an entree + $25 for AYCD beer and select ciders. With the Pulsd deal it was $50 for 2 people.

We ordered the Boys Got Heat (house-made spicy italian sausage, tomato, roasted pepper, fontina, mozzarello, parmigiano) and the Shroom (wild mushrooms, mozzarella, smoked idiazabal, farm egg). I liked the Shroom a ton, which is surprising because I'm not usually a big white pizza fan. The Boys Got Heat was great, but nothing too original. Both are around $21 on the regular menu and are a good, but not overwhelming, single portion. Crust is phenomenal, which everyone knows makes or breaks a pizza.

As for the beers, I'm not sure how frequently they switch it up so unsure if this will be helpful. We tried a bunch (they do flights for bottomless! Amazing!!) and my personal favorites were the West Coast Red and the Double IPA. The Summer Ale was phenomenal - not my style beer, but gotta admit that it was great for what it was. Even ordered a second. Only mediocre beer was the Orange Pale Ale. Wasn't bad, just boring.

Outdoor seating is great, inside also beautiful. Pristine bathroom. Great service. All in all, a really great brunch and I'm glad I came. Cheers!


Great spot to relax and have beer. I went here for a brewery tour with City Brew Tours and I was very satisfied and happy with my experience. The place had this very chill vibe and they have a lot of great beer. I had samples of three kinds: Cherry Revision Wheat, Slim Pickings Session IPA, and Ph/DH Guava Sour. The IPA was really good. I like hoppy kinds but this one wasnt that hoppy and it had a smooth citrusy flavors. I never heard of this place before and it's in an area that you wouldn't expect it to be. It's in a busy neighborhood and you'd usually see breweries in Desolate, warehouse areas. They brew all their beers there and keep most of it in house so you wont really find them at a bar or supermarket.


Came here for brunch on a sunny Sunday around noon.  When we initially walked in the place was on the quiet side but filled up as the afternoon progressed.  We are not beer connoisseurs but the waitress kindly made recommendations based on our taste for other drinks and she was spot on!  We started out with the Shaksbury Rose which was really great and something I look forward to buying as well as the Lovelythebeer Strawberry Sour which was also awesome!  To eat we had the gem lettuce salad, quiche, and burger.  The salad was very fresh and had a great dressing! The quiche was surprisingly light, which I appreciated since I usually steer clear of quiches because they tend to be heavy.  We topped off the meal with the flourless chocolate cake a la mode.

Overall, customer service was great and the space is really nice!  I also really appreciated how knowledgeable the staff was about their beverage offerings.




I was so impressed with Circa

There was an elite event here, which I sadly missed (damn grad school, you'd better be worth it). Needless to say, when my friends suggested grabbing brunch here, I was all in, as I had heard great things. It did NOT disappoint. First of all, the feel this place puts out is fantastic. I love all the wood, the size, and location of the bar, the open-ish kitchen, and that huge fan. It only got better when our amazingly cool server came by. She explained all the beers they had running, and what the boozy brunch includes (two hours aycd tap beer, and a few canned ciders). Then she left us to it, not bugging for time or orders, just asking if we wanted more beer. Pretty much a dream brunch if you ask me, laid back, friendly, and no huge rush to get in and get out.

When we did put in food, I was told to get a pizza, as they are amazing, but didn't listen and went for the burger instead. Rookie move. It's not that the burger is bad (not mind-blowing, but not bad), its that the pizza is that good. Seriously, the breakfast pie was awesome, thankfully my fiancee (who is much smarter than I) got it, so I could try it.

Come here for brunch, bring your friends who have babies, and just chill for a few hours with the cool folks who run this place - you won't be disappointed.


Food is good but expensive. Pizza is probably not worth it but I do like the honey pizza. Beer is what you come for and vibes.

They have games, TVs and good atmosphere. Beer is really good and so is service.

Love Circa Brewery and have been here a couple of times so far. This is probably one of the fanciest set ups I've ever seen for a brewery space. You have some kind of urban industrial chandelier, steampunk fancy shine going on with huge ceilings and just an enormous open space. The service I've had every time has also been super attentive.

I'm going to jump to the chase. Drinks: I haven't explored much on their cocktails but can say I've tried several of their drafts at various points in different seasons. Right now they have both a Cadbury's Porter and a Pina Colada Porter that speak to my heart. Sweet, but not insanely so, with a slight bitterness. Belgian beers, Irish stout, their berry berliner weisse, goses, saisons, kolsch's. They've mixed up the menu here and there over time and there are now so many new brews being made it's hard to keep track of but I'm usually fairly impressed. You can do individual tasting pours or full pours or opt for a flight which I like because then you get a nice variety of everything. Most of everything is accurately priced. Drafts are $7-8 and tastings are $4.

I've tried some of their food at both a Yelp event and on my own for their brunch. They do a bottomless deal for $25 as well! Their pizzas are pretty great but I think I'm more of a fan of their dinner time pizzas. I still really enjoyed the Lox pizza (super fresh salmon) and the eggs benedict pizzas but I'm going to say this lovingly - more cheese is always a good thing. Also thought the benedict pizza had a whole poached egg on it or whole eggs and it was just hollandaise and maybe scrambled egg cooked into the pizza. Pro tip that I should have gone with my gut and done this: Order an additional burrata cheese ball thrown onto said pizza.

Do order their steak and eggs. The steak is insanely good quality and cooked perfectly and comes with a decadent cheesy gruyere hash brown thing. Do order their burger - made with quality ground chuck meat. This sucker was dripping and definitely my favorite thing I've tried food wise here. Their dinner pizzas are impossible to mess up. The boys got heat, salumi, and hawaiian pizzas I remember being really really good. They're shareable and decently sized but I would say if you are starving you may want to order two pizzas between two people. Also, the flourless chocolate cake is sinful. Everyone is pretty chill here. Not too many hipsters. More like middle aged hipsters and some families with babies. I definitely look forward to more Circa brewery time as its in a convenient location half-way between my work and getting home.


I came here for a friends birthday a few weeks ago and was impressed by the space, staff and drink/food. They have a large floor plan, with options to reserve a space off to the side for a private party. They have a variety of beers, while also offering cocktails and ciders. While I didn't eat, the menu options were appealing which can be rare for a brewery. This place is definitely worth a visit!



Very spacey modern-looking brewery with plenty of choices that should satisfy even the pickiest beer critic.

Try to sit at the bar, which has super comfortable seats.

Beer flights (4 beers) go for $16 ave are well worth the price.

We also got their flourless chocolate cake, but were turned off by its microscopic size: for $8 you'd expect something bigger than a dessert of the size of a small plum... it felt like a scam.

Overall, go for the beer, but forget about the food.


We all know how much I love brunch and how much I love pizza so when boozy brunch was proposed at Circa brewing with the group, I was pretty much sold. You don't hear about many boozy brunches with beer and cider so it made the experience all the more unique. We sat down at a nice round table and were introduced to the menu. We had the whole beer list to pick from and the top three cider choices (all from Ninepin, a cider place in albany that I recently had visited!). I got the rose to start then followed it up with the original (which I stuck with for a while). I was able to sip on all the different beers that Chuck ordered and I loved them all too.

From the second I walked in, all I could smell was delicious pizza carbs. I knew that I wanted, nay--needed, a pizza for my meal. It is what they do! I was torn between the bacon and eggs pizza and the boys got heat. I went for the breakfast pie and really enjoyed it! They even have a little bottle of infused chili oil on the table and I dumped some of that on to add heat. My friends got a few other pizzas and all of them were delicious (slice swap ftw).

I definitely plan on coming back here. The food was great and the beers were all so flavorful. It was such a relaxing brunch that we got out and decided to just take a nice long walk (to go drink a bit more).


Pizza, beer brewed in house, a spacious aesthetic with lots of tables (endless, honestly), and nice staff. This place has it all.

I've been here on a few occasions and have gotten pizza every time, along with a variety of beers that they've brewed right in the restaurant. My latest favorite was a matcha IPA. Not too matcha flavored and not bitter, both surprising in the best way.

The service has been good every time, and the waiters check on you often to make sure you don't need anything else. Plus, they don't rush you out, which I appreciate.

This is a very laid back spot to hang out with a couple friends or a large group, and even a date night (especially if you sit by the entrance -- it's cozy and a bit quieter!).

Great addition to downtown Brooklyn.


If you're craving beer and pizza, Circa Brewing is the place to go. It is located in downtown Brooklyn near Brooklyn bridge, dumbo, and Brooklyn bridge park, great neighborhood. I got the Hawaiian pizza, to my surprise, it did not have tomato sauce but was still amazing.
Since Circa brews their own beers, we had to try it. We got the Match T-IPA and the Belgium Dubbel. Both were refreshing and goes really well with the pizza. If you go early (3PM-6PM) you can catch their Happy Hour deal: $5 drafts, $6 wells and $7 glass wines.

The interior of the restaurant is also top-notch. You can tell they pay close attention to detail. From the wooden barrels outside to the large brewery machines to the large body mirrors in the bathroom, Circa Brewing did not disappoint.


Pretty surprised with the size of Circa. The super cute entry way has covered outdoor seating, not something you see much in the Fulton, BK area.  First things I noticed were the spaciousness, high ceilings and literal brewery behind the bar. It was beautiful. There's a sense of minimalistic and functional use of furniture and decor. There were barrels with table tops as a seating option up front by the bar, I'll sit there next time, for sure.

Reviewing the menu took some time because really everything on the menu sounded like it deserved to be picked! Luckily Alex (waitress) was ever so kind and helpful to recommend her topic picks, which by the way I ordered exactly what she suggested and I was stoked it was just as good as she described. She gave us a couple option and flavor descriptions along with great drink pairings. She was awesome, honestly. We ordered the Burrata & Prosciutto, 62' Hawaii (black forest ham, charred pineapple, mozzarella, aged provolone, black salt) and Aubergine (roasted eggplant, confit tomato & garlic, green onion, fresno pepper, shaved root veggies) along with cranberry margheritas. I've never had a cran margherita before, it was as refreshing the sun shining after a light spring rain shower. Kudos to the bartender (whom I didn't catch his name).

The 62' Hawaii pizza didn't have sauce, that's a first for me. Great choice! The melted cheese was creamy, soft and oozing with flavor from the charred pineapples and prosciutto. Talk about finger licking good. I could have kept eating BUT I thought why not have this flavor explosion again for lunch the next day and saved some. LOL! The staff was super attentive, but not overbearing, fun friendly, and helpful.

Oh for the trivia lovers out there, this is the place.  The have trivia on Mondays, I think (don't quote me, call and ask). I'll definitely be back to try more of their pizzas and you should too!


Industrial and rustic... yet polished? Circa Brewing is the hipster manifestation of everything the media ever promised you about Brooklyn, with a little 9-5 nod to all of its clean cut customers who work in downtown Brooklyn and indulge in pizza and maybe a little too much alcohol after work...

Conveniently located near Jay St - Metrotech, Circa Brewing truly offers the best of what Brooklyn has to offer when it comes to pizza and drinks of a boozy nature, whether you're craving a beer brewed in-house (decor +1, drafts +1) or a cocktail. Bear in mind that this is a pretty hip place in Brooklyn, so cocktails will be $12-14 a pop, and yes, if it's Friday night and you've had an especially stressful week at work, they WILL add up. (For those gin fans out there, opt for the Spiced Pear Fizz and not the Root of the Problem. The latter was far too earthy-tasting for me.)

With gargantuan pizzas hovering around the $20 pricepoint, Circa Brewing is truly the place to treat yourself. To avoid too much sticker shock, talk yourself out of eating the entire pizza and save some slices for lunch the next day, though I'll admit that this plan quickly fell apart as soon as I realized how delicious The Choke was. I was slightly forced into ordering it as it's one of the few veggie pizzas on the menu (even as a staunch blue cheese naysayer), but excuse me if part of me will always demand that my pizzas come with sweet drop peppers from now on.

And even though you'll dread looking at the bill at the end of your meal, take the extra minute to carefully review the items on your receipt. For some reason, they were unable to make the original pizza I ordered and the server forgot to remove it from my bill after I changed my pizza order. Had I not realized, I would have been out an extra $20 for a pizza I didn't even eat.


I just love circa brewing. Came on a Tuesday after work with a friend that hasn't been there before. She was impressed with the place and I was happy because I kept bragging about it.

Decor and ambience
Those big barrels of beer never stop to impressing me. Love the booths, high stools and the long tables. The open kitchen give that level of transparency where you just know the food must be good.

Drinks
Last time I was here my friend ordered a flight of beer and I always wanted to do that. This was the grand opportunity. I got the Keller Kolsch, Pilsner, Blueberry and the lovelythebeer. They were all good but  the Kolsch was my ultimate favorite. It was soo good. Refreshing and crisp. The blueberry was my least favorite.

Food
Love that they update their menu once in a while so there are new things to try everytime. This time we got the Boy's got heat and Shroom Pizzas and they didn't disappoint. They were fresh and delicious. The boy's got heat has a really nice kick without being overly spicy. I really loved it. The shroom had different kind of mushrooms. It was earthy and and the egg added creaminess.
Brick oven chichen wings were really good but the sauce it came with was finger licking good.
I don't have words to describe how good the burrata and prosciutto was. It was so good I had to order seconds.

Service was amazing as always. Our waitress was so sweet and attentive. She suggested we saved some of the burrata for our pizza. To eat it with the crush and she was abosultely correct. Thanks for the tip! Now I have to do that every time.

I can't  wait to come back on a weekend for brunch.


Very nice bar/restaurant/hang out place in downtown brooklyn. (4 1/2 overall)
Drinks (4)
Even though their happy hour special is not big, they have an awesome variety of beers, ciders, wine and coctails.
Food (4)
Pizzas are delicious. Tried the margarita and hawaii, both really good. Live the naming of their pizza too. Very cool, creative and original. I definitely want to tray the 2 cows, one sheep and one goat pizza. Sounds amazing lol
Ambience/decor (4)
Amazing plan to get together with coworkers after work. Nice decoration and cool vibe.
Service (4)
Our server was very attentive. They have this ipad where he enters your order as you're ordering and quick checkout for your tab. Technology!!!!

Read more


We ventured out to Brooklyn for a brunch. I was excited about this spot, as it is a fully functioning brewery. We don't drink often, but we certainly enjoy drinking quality beer, wine, cocktail and everything else tasty!

The first glance at the entry way had that "wow" factor, with large, simple yet modern and cool light fixture with a fan, greeting the customers. From the entry way, you can see the big & shiny beer brewing equipment to the right.

They brew all the draft beers here, so we wanted to try them instead of cocktails. They had an option for a flight of beers, so we decided to do that. We chose Pilsner, Belgian Golden Strong, APA, and Porter. They were all very tasty, high quality and flavorful. We enjoyed all of these beers. Great job!

For food, we got Boys Got Heat Pizza, Chicken & Waffle, and Rosemary Fries. I must say, the pizza was much bigger than I expected, which was great. I don't always eat pizza crust, but their crust was tasty! It was charred just a little to add the great smoky flavor. It was not so spicy, but had a nice kick to it. Chicken & Waffle was huge too, and the chicken was super crispy on the outside, which gave that great "crunch!" noise. And the fries...oh the fries...it was freakin' amazing! We were completely full and happy, we took some food home with us.

We had a really pleasant brunch here, everything was delicious, and I thought it was all very affordable too, considering the portion and quality. Our server was lovely and friendly, polite and helpful with recommendation. What a great spot to get some food and booze! And it is not a typical restaurant, but a brewery! I love to go back to try more of their delicious food and beer offerings!


********UPDATE*********

I came back here with a friend to sit down for a proper dinner, and they definitely redeemed themselves.

To start, our server was fantastic and helped us make a choice from the wide range of beer selections.

I love that they put a bottle of olive oil with a hot pepper in it on each table!  For starters, we ordered the burrata and prosciutto, which was delish.  And the little gem salad, some greens to make us feel better about ourselves - delicious.

Then, we ordered two pizzas:
- The Velvet Underground, more burrata, loved it
- The Shroom - My favorite - could eat this every day.

Definitely a great experience this time.  Will be back for sure.

	10/2/2018Previous review
Came here on a Tuesday night around 9:30. Sat at the bar for ten minutes while I watched the bartender work. No one greeted me. At one point, she made eye contact with me and kept working. She then left the bar to deliver some drinks and walked right past me and didn't say "hello" or "I'll be right with you." I'm normally a bit shy to go out by myself, but when I do, it's usually the chats with the bartenders that make it worthwhile. I've never felt more invisible. Very disappointed. I heard the pizza was good and I wanted to try it.

Read more


Drinks: Large selection of beers on draft and made in-house! I tried a few including the Matcha TIPA and a blueberry flavored beer, though the Matcha was my favorite which was refreshing and smooth. They definitely have very unique and creative flavors for those beer fanatics! There are other drinks options including wines and cocktails, but the beer is so good why choose otherwise? They also have weekday happy hour $5 draft specials (M-F 3-6pm) and brunch specials including a bottomless drinks option for $25 weekends from 11am-4pm.

Food: I only tried a few items including their pizza and fries! They have a bomb burrata pizza available for brunch, but all their pizza are coal oven cooked and personal sized, why only order one? If pizza is not your thing, they have several other options including chicken and waffles and tons more!

Vibe: Large and spacious with a brewery feel to it. Very casual spot which is perfect to hang out with friends after work or during weekend brunch. Plenty of different seating arrangement available including bar side or spacious booths. It can also be a great date spot if you are in the Downtown Brooklyn area!

Service: Great attentive waitstaff who were always available whenever we needed anything!


	7/14/2020
I had such a fun experience here! Below you may see a review by Koma S. (maybe it has been removed?). I just want to say I overheard that interaction and the description written is not reflective of Circa's service! The employees were attentive, the server was fast, and the food was exactly what I was looking for (the daiquiri is..... a must...... get a double shot--you won't regret!).



	8/30/2019Updated review
So I go to this place with my Son, Daughter-in-law and granddaughter based on a review from Local One and we were totally amazed with the place and food.  Rachel our server was the best and deserves a raise. Her A+ game was totally on and we enjoyed her advice tremendously...
The Salumi Pizza was amazing and MiaMarie enjoyed her burger and Rosemary fries.
BURGEROLOGY is next.
Local One... Thanks...
I'll be back soon for my '62 Hawaii Pizza.. That is my birth year. Lol..
Then I'll try The Big Ca

	8/21/2019Previous review
So I go to this place with my Son, Daughter-in-law and granddaughter based on a review from Local One and we were totally amazed with the place and food.  Rachel our server was the best and deserves a raise. Her A+ game was totally on and we enjoyed her advice tremendously...
The Salumi Pizza was amazing and MiaMarie enjoyed her burger and Rosemary fries.
BURGEROLOGY is next.
Local One... Thanks...
I'll be back soon for my '62 Hawaii Pizza.. That is my birth year. Lol..
Then I'll try The Big Calzone..

Read more


Ok, now I feel bad about all the times I've walked passed this place!

Came here for lunch and Julie was my waitress (she's bomb AF). I was in the mood for pizza so I opted into the Shroom pizza. I never had pizza with an egg on it so I was up for the challenge. I was going to get the 6 inch and Julie suggested the 12". So happy I listened!

First of all... The pizza was FIRE and I'm not talking about temperature. Everything about it was what I expected in a great pizza. Cheese was settled in mounted over the crust, mushrooms were seasoned to the point I was getting rotisserie chicken vibes, and the egg was an added complimenting touch.

Let me tell y'all something. Food is good when you think about it as much as you think about your lover. I say that to say, hey lover! ;-)

P.S. - I didn't get to get any beer but I WILL be back so no worries.


Circa Brewing is rally great place for huge selection of beers. My friends and I are had a great time at Circa brewing. I didn't taste different kind of beers but it was really good the beer that I had.

The environment of the place was great very big and the staffs are so kind enough. If you are looking for a chill this is the perfect place. I had really great Margarita pizzas. It was so good. It should be the first thing you should order because this place looks very busy and takes time to get some food. The pizzas which they makes it's brick oven cooked pizza

Coming to this place is so easy. Subway stop just a block away I cant wait tog back there and have mire pizza and beers.

Thank you Circa.


As deceiving as the name of this place sounds, it is more than just a place to have drinks. I came here for lunch to check out what they had to offer besides drinks. Up until 3PM they serve lunch. 3-5PM they serve only pizza and 5PM and on it's the dinner menu.

I got their bolognese calzone and I'm pretty satisfy with it. It's not worth the price that they're asking for in my opinion, but still was good. I also got a Chai Stout from their beer menu and it taste like what you would imagine, a rich dark beer flavor with a hint of chai. This is definitely known for their beer on draft and I bet happy hour is popping.


Locating Circa Brewing in the heart of Downtown Brooklyn amidst the shopping district is a must if you're craving an open, inviting space with Craft Beers and good eats. Circa is located on a quiet block away from the retail madness. Walking on Fulton Street you will absolutely miss it, but once you turn on Lawrence and walk mid block you will instantly notice it. Upon walking in you're instantly transported into a Spacious, elegant Beer Hall with ample seating by the bar and dining area. On this particular occasion, we were immediately greeted by the Manager and given the option on where to sit. We were seated in the dining area perfectly situated right across the bar. We were amazed at the detail taken into bringing this space to life. Circa Brews all of their Beer on site, which ensures the fresh, cold, crisp offerings they currently stock. The Beer options often change, which is a clear indicator that they are on point in ensuring they employ quality and variety with their selection of Beers.

The options are plenty based on your desire - so when it doubt go for the sampler, which offers 4 selections and several options to choose from. We decided to go for the following : Helles (smooth, crisp and refreshing),  The Belgian beer (Light, Citrus, Smooth), Buzz IPA (Full of flavor without being over powering and smooth to the palette) & The Stout (which was lighter and more pleasant than most Stouts I've had)

For my main meal I decided to try the Gruner, which was also smooth and less 'Peary' than some Sauvignon Blanc's which I generally tend to go for.

On to the food selections: For appetizers, we decided to go with what has to be THE BEST Brussel Sprouts I've had to date. They were Crispy, full of flavor and topped with a thin yet fulfilling spread of Lemon Aioli, Breadcrumbs and peanuts (hold the peanuts if you're allergic). They were served in small pot which ensured they remained warm and retained their flavor the entire time. To compliment the taste, we chose the Cheese and Meat selection which included a blue cheese, a brie and Idiazabal cheese. All three were served with Guava and Fig along with Bread for spread (see what I did there ?:) My personal favorite was the Blue Cheese which exulted a mild sharpness all while retaining a smooth delectable taste. This paired particularly well with the Guava as it gave the sweet and sharp contrast to excite your palette. The meat selections included an assortment of Prosciutto, Salami and Ventricina.

As full as we were, I really wanted to try the Pizza as I've heard these are definitely something to write home about. We decided to go with the Salumi which included Sopressata, tomato, Fontina, mozzarella, garlic, honey oregano. The flavors blended together nicely with the contrast of flavors. I'm a cheese lover and this was everything I thought it would be. The flavors are not overpowering and provide an enjoyable and shareable meal that was satisfying to the taste.

While the experience was the utmost enjoyable solely based on drinks and meals, it was all made exceptionally enjoyable thanks to our server Ciara. She greeted us with an upbeat, jovial and inviting disposition. Throughout the entire meal, she provided suggestions, some of her favorites and joked around with us and provided pleasant conversation. She even swayed us into returning for Brunch for which we will absolutely check out.

Thank you Circa for a wonderful experience...Looking forward to coming back!




Stopped in for a flight and was greated by a friendly bartender. The brewery beers were a nice variety including sours, ales, ipa and dark beers. I didn't have lunch there but the special looks like a good deal as does the happy hour. They also do an all you can drink brunch. It's a fairly large space so it's great for groups.



Circa has a bunch of brewing machines on display. They brew and serve their own beer so you work find a blue moon or Coors light served here. I'm a big fan of the Nutty Professor. The decor is really nice and classy and feels just like any other beer garden outside of NY. Its really hard to find a beer garden within the city so this one is special!
