I have passed by this restaurant at least 100times and during all the COVID madness decided it was time to try it!

The outdoor seating was amazing the beautiful long sunflower plants really elevated the space !

Know that the food is all locally sourced from different farms was a great touch

The food was really fresh and each dish had a unique delicious taste
The cocktails were also wonderful

The menu changes seasonally but you really can't go wrong here !

Looking forward to returning here very soon
Took a while but finally made it over to Colonie to see for myself what's going on.

Meal?
Sunday brunch

Number of people in our party?
Table for two

Outdoor Seating?
Yes - sidewalk and street seating. Socially distanced tables with room for approximately 30 people in total. Most tables are fully covered with large, outdoor umbrellas or outdoor tenting. The space is thoughtfully sectioned off from the street with window boxes.

What'd we order to eat?
*Turkish Eggs
*Cacio e Pepe Scramble

What'd we order to drink?
*Bloody Mary
*Last Word
*Iced Coffee
*Chili Margarita (x2)

Things to note?
*nice staff
*small portions
*must wear masks when ordering
*small menu
*masks and hand sanitizer available
*staff adheres to all COVID-related guidelines

The Turkish Eggs had incredible flavor - the dish itself is beautifully displayed and is accompanied by 4 pieces of toasted bread for dipping. This was by far the standout of the meal - it was outstanding and could have easily eaten two servings of this. The Cacio e Pepe got a thumbs up from my friend.

The Bloody Mary was eh... and not as described on the menu, aka - it was missing some stuff. Very average and could have used more flavor - aside from ONE piece of lemon, there were no garnishes to be found anywhere; no olive, no celery no flavored rim, etc. Give that cocktail some TLC! After that, I switched to the Last Word, which was a better choice. The Chili Margarita was also tasty and their iced coffee had some strength to it -  it's served in a pint glass.

When we sat down, I overheard one of the staff speaking with a customer about this being their first day open for brunch and it's not yet been advertised just yet, however, they have been open for dinner.

The overall experience was good and the vibe was right. Yes, I'd go back but for dinner.
I have ordered Turkish egg I must say the food quality was good unfortunately thats the only good thing I can say about the place.

Slow service took them over 45 min to serve our food when the place was far of being full.
The portion are super small and expensive.
Luckily, Colonie has stayed open though the beginning of the Covid craziness. I came by on a Saturday for brunch with a friend.

We had the entire bar-like table under the living wall all to ourselves. I ordered a hot coffee (French press) and a blood orange chili margarita. The French press coffee was SO delicious. But - it barely filled my mug and I wish there was a bit more coffee. The margarita was super delicious and I wholeheartedly recommend.

My friend and I shared a bunch of plates - the cacio e pepe scramble, the Turkish eggs, the biscuits, and the home fries with aioli. The star of all of this was definitely the Turkish eggs. Everything about this dish is delicious and it's a must order. The cacio e Pepe was a perfect soft scramble and a really delicious dish and for someone wanting perfect simple eggs. The aioli in the home friends had a very intense orange flavor which was just ok for me. The biscuits were stunning, but the flavor was a little too eggy for me. I loved the preserves, and the orange zest really worked.

The Turkish eggs are an absolute must with the cacio e Pepe scramble coming in as a close second. I need to get back and try those doughnuts!
i was here five years ago and I passed by it recently wanting to try it again. We didn't end up getting a lot of food just an appetizer and some wine because the timing was tough.

The server couldn't of been nicer she let us drive all the lines we wanted to before we decided on which one was right. She was helpful and I wish I got her name so I could shower her out here but she has curly hair and was super sweet.
The five stars is for the mushroom pate. Make sure you eat it with the Meyer lemon slice (don't take it off). One of the best things I've eaten this year and I've had a lot of tasty items this year. I also loved and would get the Turkish eggs (who knew yogurt would be a winning combo with chili oil and eggs) again and again - if only this place was closer to me and didn't require a wait! Would rinse/repeat these two items till I got sick of them.

The pancake is unique - more of a cake to be honest. It was tasty but not what I was looking for. I prefer my pancakes flatter and more dense....coffee is also pretty meh. Get cold brew bc hot coffee - despite being served in a cute French press - was not enjoyable (pretty sour/acidic...too much so for me even with milk added).
Brunch review only!

We came here on a Sunday around 12:30 and didn't have trouble finding a spot for the 2 of us. We sat at the open kitchen, which was great to see all the dishes being made! Also helped in our decision making since most of the pictures on Yelp were for dinner.

We ended up getting the cherry salad, turkish eggs, oysters, and donuts.
- Cherry salad: very light and refreshing with prosciutto, manchego and mint! The cherries are a bit tart but still refreshing and sweet! It paired really well the cheese and prosciutto. I thought this was a good combo to the heavier egg dish we shared
- Turkish eggs: my first time trying this! It's basically poached eggs, yogurt, and brown butter sauce with fresh dill and spices! SO good! It comes with a side of freshly fired bread. Mix it all up, dip your bread in, and hellooo flavors! We liked it so much, we were inspired to make it at home!
- Donuts: we were immediately tempted to get this when we saw it on the menu. The donuts are more on the cakey side, so don't expect airy/fluffy. But flavors are bomb. It also comes with this creamy light lemon sauce that I couldn't stop eating!

I'm glad we ended up coming here because I was a littttle skeptical when I first saw the menu and wasn't that impressed. But I was so surprised and can't wait to return!
Pesto Bianco...is..back people

If you know anything about Brooklyn heights, you know there are several restaurants in a 4 block radius and many of which are your general Thai, Mediterranean, or Sushi restaurants. If you live here, you also know how difficult it is to get your Manhattan friends to make the journey. I'm happy to announce Colonie is golden ticket we've all been waiting for.

Firstly, sit at the chefs table. Watching the chefs work their magic is incredible (shout out to Kone (sp) on the pasta. They put so much TLC in their food it really is a treat to watch. All of their drinks are delicious, I especially favor the detox retox, and cuc cocktail.

The apps are also fantastic I would recommend 1 per person. Everything is fantastic, esp the sweet potatoes, Brussels (shaved and light not fried) and sunchokes.

For dinner- get the spaghettoni. The pesto blanco is almond based and has a spicy after taste. I could eat this for every meal for the rest of my life. It can be made vegan or they can make it into a cheesy delight of that's what you're into.

Everything here is A++++, but just expect a $100 for a party
TOP TEN BRUNCH SPOTS IN BK...I've been coming to Colonie for years for breakfast. Their food has always been consistently delicious. Their ambience gets 5 out of 5 stars as well. I always opt to sit at the "bar". I love an open concept kitchen. Literally everything is good here. Always come with a big appetite and a few ppl so you can order everything and share. Customer service is always on point. A true gem of Atlantic Avenue, nestled in the back of the main road of the Barclays Center,  walking distance to Brooklyn Bridge Park.
It's been a while since I wrote a review but I just wrapped up dinner at Colonie and the experience was so fantastic that I couldn't not write one!

Colonie had the trifecta that I'm always looking for --amazing service, food and ambience! From the minute we walked in the host was so warm and welcoming. I was holding flowers and a wet umbrella but needed to run to the restroom and he took both from me while I did that. He was willing to seat me while we waited for the rest of my party (I love when restaurant s don't make you wait for everyone even if you have a reservation). The service continued to be fantastic throughout the meal-- our server was also really nice, gave good recommendations and didn't rush us. The team of servers supporting our table was attentive and quickly took away plates, changed out silverware, etc. and overall worked seamlessly together.

Next was the food; we ordered the crudo, burrata, cauliflower, lamb belly, pork chops, and artic char. For desert we had the blueberry sorbet and the sticky date cake. EVERYTHING  was beautifully presented, light and flavorful. Standouts include the burrata which came with charred bread and to my surprise the char went perfectly with the light burrata and it's shaved pickled celery. The lamb belly is a MUST GET, pressed into a square shape like pork belly and crisped on the outside with a mint sauce drizzle it was so flavorful. My husband got it and I was jealous! The cauliflower was also so flavorful-- it came with fresh mint, a mint sauce, pomegranate and fried shallots. The sticky date dessert was amazing -- warm, sweet came paired with ice cream! I wanted a second order of it! My artic char was cooked perfectly. The crudo was light but had a little too much fresh oregano for me.

For ambience, the venue is nicely decorated, not overly done, dark wood, plants and clean. Whoever was in charge of music, they get a thumbs up! The music was a great mix of oldies, r&b and a little lover's rock. Great vibe! The team was also diverse from the chefs to the servers and I appreciated that.

They are open late too which will make this one of my new go to spots for date night!
Been here twice for brunch and blown away each time.  Donuts and monkey bread go well with French press coffee to start. Ricotta is smooth and lemony - goes well with toasted bread!  Shrimp and grits always good. Turkish eggs truly unique and flavorful!  Sunchokes are potatoes make for good sides!

Best of all - we got to sit at one of the corner tables in the front for a sun drenched brunch!
I love brunch spots like this. Warm and chill vibe, with amazing food.

The scramble was so good, blended with different cheeses and lightly cooked. Potatoes were a bit tangy, with crispy skin and the perfect seasoning.

That date cake was literally the best thing I've had the last month. Moist, warm, and a perfect balance of flavor between dates and the melted caramel on it. The ice cream really topped it off.

I have nothing but compliments for Colonie and wish I had discovered it earlier. Definitely my new neighborhood favorite. 5 stars from me
It was a little difficult getting a reservation at Colonie. We made a reservation about a week in advance and got a reservation for 9:30pm on a Saturday night. Even with a reservation, we still had to wait 15-20 minutes for our table to be ready.

We started out with some drinks. I had the "Cool Hand Cuke," a cucumber and elderflower drink. It was sweet (but not too sweet). I love cucumber in drinks and was not disappointed. For food, the cauliflower dish and snapper crudo caught my eye. Was a little disappointed with the cauliflower dish. There was nothing special about the flavors in the dish and it was too salty for me. However, I LOVED the snapper crudo. The flavor from the coconut milk was so interesting and suited the fish perfectly. It was definitely a novel taste to me and so delicious. Would strongly recommend the snapper crudo.

Taste | 4
Atmosphere | 4
Presentation | 4
Service | 4
OVERALL | 4
Colonie has fabulous food, terrific servers, wonderful ambience and is allergen friendly! I love eating there as it's excellent food and safe for me to eat.
We did not have reservations but for a group of 3 we were able to grab a seat along the side bar. Our waiter was very friendly and was very knowledge about the menu.

We started with the buttermilk biscuits that came with jam and butter. The jam was sooooooo good. Wow. I thiiiink it was blackberry jam. It was delicious with the biscuits. They were warm and very dense. The outside top part was slightly flakey. Look, just get it. You're welcome.

Two of us got the Turkish Eggs and it was such a nice change from what I normally get when I go to brunch. The poached eggs were nice and runny. It sits on top of some Turkish yogurt covered in oil. You can see and taste the chili peppers and garlic and it will linger so maybe have a gum after lol. But it's totally worth it.  It also comes with a side of bread you can dip in there and eat with the eggs. My only issue with the bread was the taste of ash.

The Burrata was also delicious and worth trying.

I think this is cool spot to visit for brunch.
Cute local neighborhood bar with strong drinks and good dessert. The sticky date cake is a must! I'm a very picky eater and not really the one to try new things but this cake was delicious it tasted like chocolate cake but better. Great service and good vibes. Will definitely return
I came here for a brunch during the weekend and overall had an ok experience. They do not take reservations so we were waiting by the door a little before opening time and was able to get the table.

Here is the breakdown

Food

The food was ok in my books, very elaborated plates but the flavor factor wasn't there at least for my palette. I ordered the duck confit hash and the house potatoes. My friend ordered the biscuit sandwich-- the biscuit was delicious.

Decor/ Ambiance

Nice, cutesy rustic modern look. We seat at the chef's table and it was very nice to see them prepare the dishes right in front of you. Nice and lively house music.

Service

The waiters were friendly. It was busy and they were training their best to be as attentive as they could.

Overall

Had an ok experience. Great vibe, the food was just not for me. But it might be for you, so still try it.
The ambiance and food was tasty. The service was great. The food presentation was just as you see on a food show. I ordered the lamb & eggs which was delicious. It reminded me more of a dish I would eat in the fall though - it reminded me of a chilli. There were many chunks of lamb and the sauce was quite yummy. I sampled my friends shrimp & grits, which I liked as well. It was adorned with huge gulf shrimp and mushroom garnish. She also ordered a side of sausage - personal favorite! The cava was perfect. The Coffee & Cigarettes was just ok to me. It is an ideal blend of tequila and coffee, but not the taste I was shooting for. The table next to me ordered the pancakes, which look like a big cake (I thought it was a desert). I would definitely try them next time and share because it's massive.
Really impressed by the food here. We got the corn with goat milk butter  for appetizer and it was very tasty. For main we got the blue crab pasta and the simple spaghetti. The spaghetti is like the cheapest pasta on the menu but it was absolutely stunning. The pasta is very thick and chewy and the sauce with almond and lemon with a hint of spiciness was just perfect. Also got the sticky date cake for dessert. Now I'm trying to make a date cake myself too... Love this neighborhood jam!
So awesome! Went for brunch and the Turkish eggs and donuts with lemon cream were as good as it gets. Cool vibe and good service, though the chef does not do substitutions. Wheelchair accessible entrance and restroom.
Came here for brunch with a friend who recently moved to Brooklyn Heights. Luckily they were able to fit us in for brunch without a reservation. Very cool vibe with exposed brick and hanging vines on the walls -- very Brooklyn.

I had the Lamb and Eggs, which were spicy and delicious.  The lamb was tender and spicy, the white beans were creamy and melt in your mouth, nice texture from the bread crumbs and the creamy yolk from the egg tied the whole thing together. Yum! My friend has the Turkish Eggs which were also super tasty. The yogurt, brown butter and chiles were great to sip up with bread...of your fingers ha. And, of course, the meal couldn't be complete without the Warm Doughnuts, which were heavenly. The lemon cream was so good! The Bloody Mary and Bloody Caesar were both great.

Share review

Embed review

Compliment

Send message

Follow Antonio G.

Report review

	12/7/2019
Really nice place, with kitchen at sight

We had the pancakes and the turkish eggs, both delicious.

Staff was also very attentive
I have eaten brunch here twice and have enjoyed both visits very much. The first time we came, we waited at the door for the figurative opening bell to ring and we scored 2 seats at the chefs counter!  This is the place to sit if you want a unique experience. We watched the chefs prepare, cook, dress and plate the dishes. It was pretty cool, (except that 1 chef who tasted the food and put his used spoon back into the dish for a 2nd taste) (I wonder how often that happens)?

Yesterday we had brunch at the bar. We had an incredible feast. Ricotta toast, 5 cheese and 5 meat board, lamb and eggs, Turkish eggs and a Bison burger with fried egg. I also had a couple of Bloody Mary's which  were pretty pedestrian for such an inventive restaurant.

Nonetheless, I am a fan!
Honest to God knock me out. Been coming here for 2 years and no lie this place is amazing. They have NEVER disappointed. Pictured: Bone In Pork Chop
Cute little brunch spot in Brooklyn heights. Good vibes and great service! I ordered the Turkish eggs. I didn't really know what to expect after seeing brown butter and sweet chili in the ingredients, but it was actually very flavorful and delicious! Highly recommend.
Wow, now one of my top five restaurants. I was floored by everything served and the service is amazing. This is a need to go place and sit at the chef's counter.
Ended up here for the oyster happy hour, stayed for a full dinner.
Drinks - Cool Hand Cuke (not on the menu but ask for it anyway)
Oysters - yum
Mushroom Pate - delicious, but a bit too rich for me. Order extra bread and spread it out.
Sunchokes - this was soooo good. Must Have!! I definitely licked the plate clean
For dessert I went with the donuts, fun and yummy, not too sweet. Next time I'll try the sticky date cake :)
Come to Colonie for the cocktails and cheese plates and skip the long sit down dinner for someplace else. The main dinner options on the menu are just nothing special and I always leave somewhat disappointed in what I had ordered (this latest time Arctic Char for me and Bison Burger for husband both of which were OK but just OK). The cheese plate after dinner though left me salivating for more. Next time I'll just sit at the bar with one or two of those and go down the menu of their fabulous cocktails and wines.
Went here for Brunch! The menu was very eclectic. It was very hard to make a decision on what to order. The monkey bread is a must eat. I had the scramble, which was good, not really hard to mess up. My friend had the shrimp and grits, looked amazing and my dad had the pancakes, which when served don't really look like pancakes, but taste delicious. The only negative would be the kitchen backup, I understand the place was busy but orders were backed up and I didn't see much communication between the chef and main wait-staff. Overall, it was a delicious brunch. Would love to try this place for dinner.
Had a great meal at Colonie a few weeks ago. Sat at the chefs table and was an amazing experience watching the staffs rhythm in the kitchen. Head Chef Jared was very busy but still had time to make some excellent recommendations. Mushroom Pate, Octopus, Campanelle and Duck were all great. One word for Jared and his crew, Elite.
Ate her twice.  Once at the raw bar and then "in the window" seat area.   Like the happy hour seafood platter. Mignonette for oysters a bit too clawing.
Added cherry salad and mushroom pate the second time.  Filling meal.  We had skipped lunch that day.  Friends had lamb belly and spaghetti dish.  All looked good.  With bottle of wine etc tab over $200 for four.  No dessert or tons of food.    Atmosphere A+.
OMG the Turkish eggs!!

This restaurant is very cute and aesthetically pleasing. With a large welcoming bar in front and plenary of seating in the back surrounded by a living "wall" and plants visible though the windows, Colonie makes you feel like you're dining in a more rustic area, rather than Atlantic street in Brooklyn.

Then menu offers many items I definitely would like to come back to try but on advice from our neighbors went with the Turkish eggs. I'm so glad we did.

After we ordered them breakfast arrived in what seemed an impossible quick time. (Im talking like cooking show chef puts unbaked item in a stove and immediately opens another one to reveal baked item- fast) the Turkish eggs were amazing! In a time where everything seems to have the same flavor Turkish eggs offered me something I've never tasted before. They were a little spicy but not overpowering so. The eggs were picked perfectly.

I can't wait to come back and try their other tasty items.
This is the most delicious brunch spot in BK heights. Nice lighting near the front bar and windows and a bit dimmer in the back. Cute for a date or just a solo outing. The Turkish eggs are a must order. Poached eggs over yogurt and a chili oil. Service is quick and friendly! A must try in the area!
Never really made it I in, we went there because of all the reviews.  We walked in, waited a few minutes, none of the staff acknowledged us, from the bar tender that tha t was at the front door to the rest of the staff that all saw us and gave us the once look over.  Finally one person in our group walked in looking for the hostess, found her, no smiles, no greetings.  We were all professionals in our mid to late 30s.  As far as I am concerned I don't even care to try the food, they can keep it and do a basic brush over on hospitality because it was lacking.
Cute little place. Went here for bunch on a Saturday with my friend. Got there at 1 and didn't have to wait. Waitress was very friendly, kept refilling our water and didn't care that we talked for another half hour after she gave us the bill. Didn't feel rushed.

Food and drinks are expensive (normal for the area though) and high quality. We both had the Turkish eggs and they were great. Unique combination of spices and the yogurt and bread that went with it cooled the spicyness. Really good dish. Had a mimosa also, tasted mostly like orange juice but it was definitely freshly squeezed.

I recommend for brunch to catch up with a friend! I want to go back and try dinner.
This place is best known for brunch, but the winning move is to go for dinner, when it's not nearly as crowded and, quite frankly, a better deal (brunch food is generally overpriced everywhere for what you get).

Sitting at the counter is a real treat -- you get the watch the cooks do their thing and it's always fun to watch an excellent craftsman work.
One of Atlantic's best eatery's

Get the lamb belly or anything on the menu
For that fact.
My god, the Turkish Eggs are maybe the most perfect food item ever?  I never want to go to brunch anywhere else. (I actually don't think I have gone anywhere else since discovering Colonie.).

The pancakes are fun and yummy, but can't overcome how good the Turkish Eggs are to be #1. The cocktails are also delicious--I specifically liked the Detox Retox.

Cute atmosphere, too. Colonie's got it all!
One of the best brunch in Brooklyn.
Beautiful open kitchen, we were sitting at the chefs counter and the staff was friendly and very professional.
Super disappointing. The chef does not make any changes for folks with allergies. The waiter said he used to but no longer does. We were served burnt toast with the charcuterie. We sent it back because it was literally inedible and they brought out more burnt toast. The greens that came with the pork were also burnt, as was the bun on the burger. When we shared our concerns with the waiter, he said that the chef likes to make things chaThere's a difference between grilled and burnt and the chef was not nailing it. The fennel salad & the pasta we had were good. Just generally a bad energy -- seems like the chef likes to do things his way instead of listening to customers.
