SQUID INK TAGLIOLINI WITH SHRIMP IN BRANDY SAUCE. YES. The pasta is cooked al dente, sauce is just right, not too creamy and not too watery. Shrimp is fresh, plump and firm. We ordered take-out since they don't have outdoor seating and the pasta was still good when we brought it back home, albeit we only live 5 min walk away. The calamari was fresh and it's served with some zucchini as well. Big portions! We also got the nutella fried pizza dough dessert, which was delish. I'm sure it would've been even better if we ate it dining in. Will definitely try their pizza soon!
Delicious food. I walked to this place to only find out they were closed for the day. The chef still made me food to go. Thank god!! I would definitely recommend this place.
My boyfriend and I came here pretty late one Friday night after a movie. We were seated right away and the wait staff was attentive and fast. They gave us bread to munch on before we ordered whicH was warm and delicious! We split a kale caesar (which was fine, nothing to  write home about) and the Montanara pizza -- which was phenomenal! Very oily (it's fried so that's to be expected)

We live close by and I will definitely be coming back! Reasonable prices, friendly staff, and good food!
It can be easy to miss being on a one way side street off the main road. But once you walk up the few iron steps and open that door, you are in a home away from home. With warm greetings from the hostess and sometimes the bartender, you have arrived. The place is cozy and inviting. There are no flat screens or loud sports fans, just a nice unpretentious Italian restaurant. Grab a table or a stool at the bar. Either way you'll get great service, delish food and good drinks.

The food is authentic with simple but fresh ingredients. The drinks vary from classic to creative. And the happy hour is a good deal in this area.

I've had a lot of items on the menu but I'll just mention my favs...

The pizza..not classic New York but real Italian. It's rustic and delicious. The dough has a crispy, fluffy, slightly salty crust and thin center. The cheese is melted perfectly with the right amount of sauce that tastes like fresh crushed tomatoes. It's really good.

The meatballs... not ground beef, either chicken or turkey but juicy and very flavorful. They are lying on a bed of sauce and topped with a generous dollop of creme fresh, plus there is a slightly cheesy component. Make sure each bite has all the ingredients so you can taste some of the best Italian meatballs in Brooklyn.

Calamari.. lightly breaded, flakey, tender and fresh. I like to squeeze the lemon, throw on some red pepper flakes and dip each one into the sauce as I eat them. Yummy and satisfying. Which pretty much sums up all their food!

Go hungry with a little time to spare, you're gonna stay a while.
Excellent pizza, nice thin chewy crispy crust.  Legit.

Spaghetti, al dente yes.

Service could be a bit more passionate
We went here two consecutive Fridays because the happy hour is so good. So this review is happy hour only. I haven't tried anything not on the happy hour menu. Basically there are 3 pizzas, 3 apps, and 3 pastas half off. So that's 7-13 dollars instead of 14- 26 And thier house wine is 6 dollars a glass and it's pretty good. I like the house red a lot.

The atmoshoere is nice too. They put nice fall flowers on the table which sets the mood. Though a table for two can get pretty crowded with drinks, food and decorations on it. Also if there is a big party the night you go, like one night we went, it can get pretty loud in there. Also the bathrooms are a bit dirty and cramped.

The food is great fresh quality. And the food comes out quick from the kitchen. We loved everything especially the pasta. It is home made and the star of all the dishes we ordered. We had both the orecchiette and the truffle fettuccine pasta. The texture of the pasta was great and the flavors were very bold and delicious.

The apps are small in size. 2 meatballs and just about 6 pieces of calamari. The calamari was fried so well and so fresh and delicious but I only got 2 pieces since we were sharing with 3 people. At 7 dollars though I get it, calamari is usually 16 dollars for a whole plate at places. Also the calamari has some fried zucchini in it so even less squid!

The pizza dough is doughy and chewy and not crispy on the bottom. The margarita pizza lacks flavor. The pizza is nothing to rave about but for 10 dollars on happy hour its pretty good. The diavola pizza is the best and has the most flavor with the salami on it compared to the two others for happy hour.

Besides the pasta being the star I also loved loved the olive oil that comes with the bread. I drench it in it. It has capers or peas or something in it and that makes it taste so good.

Also make sure you check your receipt. We had no problems the first time we went. But the second time they charged us 18 for the orecchiette pasta instead of 13. And they adjusted it though the waitress was a little rude about it.

Can't beat happy hour prices. Best happy hour for food around (4-7 mon-fri). And get the pasta!!
Came here to meet up with a bridal party I'm a part of to get to know one another. It was a good spot. They have a full bar and a nice dine in area.  The hostess seats you once most of your party arrives.  We waited until four of the six arrived (which wasn't long) and we were seated fairly quickly.

Here's what we ordered:
-  GAMBERI & AVOCADO - shrimp, avocado, baby arugula,
onion, cucumber, tomato aioli (not pictured)
-  CALAMARI FRITTI - golden fried calamari, spicy tomato sauce
-  MEATBALL DI POLLO - chicken meatballs, fresh ricotta
-  RAVIOLI DI FORMAGGIO-  ravioli filled with mozzarella, ricotta,
parmigiano reggiano, served in a truffle cream sauce, shaved pecorino
romano (not pictured)
-  (2x) SALMONE AL LIMONE - salmon fillet, mashed potatoes,
grilled asparagus, lemon capers sauce
-  (2x) LOBSTER RAVIOLI - Homemade ravioli stuffed with lobster in a mushroom vodka sauce
-  TORTELLINI DI VITELLO veal filled tortellini, italian sausage, wild mushrooms, cream sauce (not pictured)
-  We all got a bunch of alcohol, but I don't remember what they all were...

All of us enjoyed our food very much.  The only thing I can say about what I had is that it was a little more dente than I wanted, but it definitely wasn't bad.  The service was great.  Fast and the server was pretty knowledgeable when one of us wanted something that wasn't on the menu.  She gave her something that was similar...and it ended up being better than what she originally wanted.

I'd come here again and try out other things on the menu.
Been here a couple of times with friends for lunch and for dinner... great location in downtown Brooklyn and easy to get to. Staff and service are good. They have their own brick oven pizza!

Check out the lunch specials if dining for lunch - the mushroom pizza is good and one highly recommend pappardelle al funghi.

Pretty good variety on the menu so one should be able to find something to eat. If you come for dinner, make sure to save room for dessert.

Have to come back for happy hour...they have some good specials.

Restrooms are gender neutral.
4.5 stars from me.  Their food, especially pasta, was excellent.  Great chew, you can tell it's house made, no faking a texture like that; I don't care how good your chef is.  I recommend sitting at bar, while busy, I think the service was faster, and they have a massive screen showing all of the day's sports action.  I will visit again next time I'm Brooklyn!
This place has fantastic pastas and pizza. I've even ordered the steak which was very good. Ink shrimp pasta is always outstanding.
Enjoyed my dinner here. Monday's was half off on the wine and I love wine so needles to say that was what I was having to drink. I love Prosecco and their brand was really good. I also ordered red wine Nebbiolo which was also good. Food wise I ordered the shrimp arugula salad and the mussels. Have to say they were both delishhhhh. As you wait you get complimentary bread with olive oil and that was good and warm. So yummy. The place seems intimate. A place where you can have peaceful dinner even if it's by yourself. ‍The waitress was nice and friendly.
Landed in Brooklyn with the number one son and of course he wanted pizza.  I did not so after a quick Yelp search (Italian, Pizza, Walk to) we settled on this place.  In a word, wonderful.  Casual, family friendly, but still with a cool vibe. Son had a lemonade while I enjoyed a vodka gimlet.  Yum.  We each enjoyed our Insalate one Buffalo Mozzarella with tomato and one Burata with roasted red peppers.  Also Yum.

Some loved the Margherita pizza and I thoroughly enjoyed the Branzino.   Just enough room for a house made Limoncello.

Service by Jimi and the entire team was excellent.  Clearly a place enjoyed by locals.  Will visit again.
Good selection of pizzas, though I must say I don't really go for the chewy Neapolitan style (prefer the thin-crusted Roman style). Most flexibility afforded by ordering a basic marinara and then adding your favorite toppings. I recommend prosciutto. Or anchovies and black olives. (Don't make the typical mistake of adding more than one or two toppings, it creates a confusion, not a better pizza.) Their octopus appetizer is worth trying.

I usually don't go out to Italian restaurants, but I've been on a roll lately due to an unusual pasta craving! Fortunately, this place is only a stone's throw from my office, so I came in for lunch two days in a row.

The first time was actually with some colleagues. I had no idea this place was here, but as soon as I walked in, I immediately knew I would return. I absolutely love the ample natural lighting and tall ceiling, the easy-to-navigate menu, and the bread basket (the bread was fresh!)

I got the mushroom tagliatelle on my first visit, then the squid ink pasta with shrimp the second time around. Both dishes were good! Though I would give the edge to the squid ink pasta dish - which had fresh pasta, fresh sauce, and fresh shrimp. Everything was balanced in terms of taste and texture. The sauce was lighter than I expected! The tagliatelle dish was good too, but it came with pretty basic sliced mushrooms and the pasta was a bit tougher than I would have liked. Still a solid option, though.

Service was good both times. It got busy during peak lunch hour, but it wasn't too loud, so I think it's a great option for grabbing lunch/dinner with a group!
Wow. I was here solo the night before the nearby  90th Anniversary celebration of Analog Science Fiction magazine. Through the big glass you can see a serious pizza oven. I was more in the mood for pasta, though, and all the selections looked great. I thought I was goIng to have the mushroom and truffle pasta, so I ordered a glass of red wine (the Nebbiolo).

Then I saw Frank's pasta, with Branzino and shrimp. Score, and I wasn't disappointed. The Branzino took me back to a memorable dinner in Venice where that fish was the showcase. And red wine with fish? They do that all over Puglia.

I unlocked the free limoncello check-in special. It is made in-house and is superb. Not overly sweet and a respectable punch of alcohol.

For dolce, the little bite-size Nutella pastries called Coccole. Three people could share a dessert like this. The pastries were fresh and hot, and sliced strawberries balanced the richness of the melted Nutella on the pastries.
We ordered through Grubhub/Seamless. I am sure the food was wonderful, but it arrived an hour after it was to be picked up from the restaurant. The seamless guy chose to deliver an hour's worth of other food to other people before it arrived. When it did, the pizza box was soaked through and the pizza poking out the bottom. The pizza and the pasta we ordered were ice cold. Like sitting out in the winter time cold. Not just cooled off. It had to get thrown away and my wife, son, and I ate cereal for dinner.
 Seamless ended up refunding my money after a half hour of complaining. I let the manager at the restaurant know about the poor delivery service and he recommended I try UberEats or Caviar next time. While this is not the restaurant's fault, the restaurant does get a lot of complaints from people who use GrubHub and Seamless. It's easy enough to say "we are not responsible once it is picked up" but this does reflect on an experience with a restaurant. Dinner was ruined. I do think in a smaller way a restaurant has to accept some responsibility if they are going to use a delivery service for their food.
 I didn't feel like giving them a low grade though, but I do think people should be warned.
 Carlos is amazing... so sad to hear that he's leaving. He's always smiling and giving a wonderful dining experience. He was one of the highlights of Forno. Best of luck!!!

 The Ravioli and the calamari are my favorites!! In the four years of getting the same thing, almost every time, they have never disappointed.
 We were here on a Friday night for a friend's birthday. We had reservations and were seated immediately. Our server brought out the menus and we ordered drinks. Once we decided on the food, we gave our order. The food came out very fast, we still haven't gotten our drinks at this point. So we waited sometime for our drinks and finally 3 of the drinks came out and we were waiting on one more. Food came out first, then the drinks and some more time later we got some bread on the table. Finally, at last, the bread.

The food and the drinks were delicious. We enjoyed our meals however there was no attention to our group. Although the server was seemingly friendly, he didn't give a damn and made us wait for drinks, bread and our check. Once we paid, we had to wait forever for him to bring back our cards.

Good food and lovely decor.
MORE THAN 5 stars - 1,000 stars!

My server, Ellie was tremendously amazing! She was professional, intelligent about to the menu, eccentric and on top of her section. Not to mention, the food was to die for! Love the Happy Hour here! I will for sure come back as long as I am in Ellie's section!
Took my parents out on a Sunday night and this place was near their hotel. Spacious, open, staff were friendly and the food was delicious. We started with the kale Cesar - it's big enough for everyone to have a little bit. I had the short ribs with mashed potatoes - definite comfort food. I tried the shrimp tagliolini (yum) and the ravioli de formaggio (also yum) - my dad commented that he would order the pollo arrosto again "probably tomorrow" we finished with tiramisu. Will definitely be back to try more pasta and pizza next time.
Solid spot for happy hour - the usual drink specials but the food specials are an incredible value and so delicious. The pizza and pasta are both very fresh, with generous sizes being served even for happy hour. The Diavola pizza is my favorite.

The ambiance here is also really nice. It's surprisingly spacious and bright, with a large bar area. Great for larger groups but also quite enough for intimate dates.

Service is quick and friendly. I can always count on Forno Rosso to grab a drink and a quick bite after work!
Food: 3.5 stars - chicken was overcooked and the pasta was a bit too al dente. The salad (I forgot the name, but it had olives and cucumbers) was great. Very fresh. I liked it more than the pasta (that's something I never thought I would never have to type lol).

Ambiance: one of the few relatively spacious restaurants in Brooklyn. I finally found a place that wasn't forcing me to constantly bump elbows with fellow patrons. They also have actual chairs and tables (as opposed to bar top seating + stools), hallelujah!

Service: the staff are really attentive and patient. They're also willing to tweak dishes to your liking and relay those messages to the kitchen.
My husband and I tried really hard to enjoy the food at this restaurant - we just couldn't!

We ordered the Meatball Di Pollo for an appetizer. It was just... okay.  There were good flavor elements there but they arrived to the table lukewarm with cold cheese on top.

For dinner my husband ordered the Ravioli and I ordered the Frank's Pasta, which was actually recommended. My husband ate his (he didn't want to waste our money and he's kinda greedy) and I left almost my entire plate minus 3 of the 4 shrimp. I would've sent my order back but my husband asked me not to and just said that we wouldn't return. So, I ate my shrimp as to not waste more money.

I will say, if you ever decide to visit in spite of my review, try the pizza! It looked amazing!
I enjoyed my dinner at Forno Rosso. My boyfriend and I went at happy hour and shared a meatball appetizer and both got the fettuccine bolognese, which were both very good. They also give bread and oil and we ordered drinks, I got a vodka and cranberry and he got a couple beers. Would recommend!
3.5 stars rounding down to 3 because our experience was just OK.

Came here for a glass of wine and an appetizer after finding out Wine Legend down the block was closed. It was pretty inside so we had high hopes. Ordered 2 glasses of champagne which came in gimlet glasses (odd) and the octopus appetizer. The octopus was probably my least favorite octopus dish of all time.. the beans to octopus ratio was seriously outrageous and they need to change the name as it's so misleading. 4:1 ratio BTW.

My least favorite thing about this place was the bathrooms. I already felt gross walking around town for miles and expected to feel better after washing my hands. NOPE, the bathrooms were filthy, not just filthy looking.

I feel bad giving this place 3 stars based on 1 appetizer, but if it's THAT good as people say it wouldn't have tasted meh..? Pizza's did look good, though.

Service on the other had was great.
OMG their truffle pizzaaaa is 100 stars !!!!! So so so good !! Never a disappointment every time I come here ! Great service , great food, what more coulD u want? Can't wait to be back aagain  soon!
This place is the best Italian you'll find in this area of brooklyn, hands down - one of the best across all cuisines in fact. The wild mushroom and truffle risotto and the beef short rib are my favorites, but any of the appetizers, pastas and pizzas have never disappointed either. Servers are professional and courteous, ambience is nice. Highly recommend for anyone in DTBK because the neighboring restaurants are far inferior in comparison.
We had the ravioli, pizza  steak  and soup

Everything was tasty, it was our second time there so I feel it's consistently delicious.

Try Happy  hour during the week for some special deals

Service is friendly
Forno Rosso is a favorite lunch spot. Everything is fresh. From the pasta to the pizzas. Stands out as high quality and delicious food. The place is light and airy. The Bolognese is out of this world!
Saw this place on Yelp and it exceeded expectations! Spacious, unique and true Italian restaurant. Amazing selection of pasta - even a build you own pasta section. The pizza was perfectly crisp but not burnt from the fire oven. Dessert selection was pretty great too. I highly recommend the chocolate mousse. Only call out would be that the truffle pasta is a bit too potent. It was truly amazing but a bit overwhelming of a flavor   to eat a large quantity of. I would definitely come back here!
Needed a children friendly place to eat in Downtown Brooklyn.  This is a great laid back place; totally chilled atmosphere.

The server brought bread which came with lentil beans.  It was different.  We ordered margherita pizza (happy hour price - regular size), bruchsetta (happy hour price), salmone alla siciliana, pappardelle ai funghi, and shrimp tagliolini.  All the food came out quickly.  We were slowly eating and able to
catch up without interruption.  The food was delicious.

For dessert, we ordered occole con nutella, which is very chewy dough so I recommend trying something else.

Parking can be challenging in this area.  It's a bit of a walk from the trains but totally worth it.
I'd come for happy hour before a game anytime! $4 drafts are awesome, half off pizzas and pastas too. The thing is, the happy hour pasta portions are tiny - like two shrimpy shrimps tiny - but a good value nonetheless to sample their menu. The pizza is Neapolitan style so personally I can eat one by myself + bread and apps. Like others have said, pizza is soggy in the middle because it's so thin and I suspect the mozz they use has a higher water content than the shredded stuff. So prepare to have toppings/sauce slip and slide on your hands and plates. Not a problem for me since I'm a savage but others be warned.

The diablo isn't spicy at all which was disappointing but the Margherita was delicious. The bus boys and servers here are so sweet but I'm super perturbed by one that tried to take our calamari away when there were 5 rings left! Please understand the meal is not over until I lick the marinara bowl, swallow the lemon rind, and attempt to eat the plate!!
Loved food and service here, plus fact that they are open later during week than other area restaurants.
Great experience here! Had the fettuccine Bolognese, and it was very nice. The pasta tasted very fresh and was at a great price for happy hour. Plenty of meat in the bolognese as well. Only $13! The service was exceptional and bread was very tasty
Im not sure what I missed
If I went on a wrong time (sunday lunch)
or on awkward day. but the 4.5 ratings out of almost 600 review does not justify after we came.

The pasta was blant, it was not bad but I can say I could made something better myself.

Just an honest review
I live next doors so I'm here pretty frequently.
Overall, my experience here has been pretty good. I think their excellent service is why I gave them a 4-star review, staff members always did a great job delivering great dining experience when I visited.
However, to be completely honest, the food here is hit or miss. Sometimes food here will taste so good that I want to come back the next day, other times they are just bland and flavorless...

Side note: they are a little bit on the pricy side, normally cost $85+ for two, just two entrees plus an appetizer. No alcohol and no deserts.
Staff is friendly and apologized for the atypical slow service that I received when I came for a quick lunch. I ordered the fettuccine bolognese and the flavor was spectacular! The tomato based sauce had a great zest to it, and the noodles were cooked al dente - just right for me!
This was such a great find in the downtown Brooklyn area. I was staying overnight in the area for my friend's wedding and stumbled upon this place.

I was there for a late lunch around 4pm with my husband and we got a margherita pizza, truffle ravioli and the chicken entree. The complimentary bread was deliciously chewy with a lentil and olive oil dip which was delicious. The pizza dough was yummy, but I think the middle was too thin so it was hard to eat floppy pizza - the taste was good though. The chicken dish was ok, 2 nice sized thighs with truffle mashed potatoes, brussel sprouts and mushrooms. The star of this meal though was the truffle ravioli! The cream sauce is delicious and flavorful, speckled with truffle. You get about 12 pieces and it's scrumptious!

We were super full and content with the food!

However, we couldn't help but notice the very distinct urine smell. We sat in the middle where the booths are on the opposite side of the bathrooms and we would get hit each time the door was open - which happened a lot because apparently there is an employees only room in there too. Another couple, what were leaving, also ended up making a comment on the way out. The staff was also very laid back, it was nice to have time to eat, but inconvenient to have to try hard to flag down anyone for a replacement napkin or something.

However, the food was so good, that I suggested it for dinner to the bridal party and rolled back in with 5 others. I then got to sample the shrimp and avocado salad and the beet salad - both of which were good if you want salad. I additionally was able to check out the steak, the meatballs and the squid ink pasta. All were delicious! The pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce was really good.

Note: I didn't notice the smell if the bathroom during this dining experience and we were sitting in the same area, but at the day edge closer to the kitchen.

I would recommend and come back! :)
The wait staff is great, but that's about all.

You know that middle-class-fancy restaurant you sometimes go to when you're back home visiting your parents? The place with the cheesy faux-Italian name, where everything has that "possibly microwaved" vibe to it? That's this place. If you're looking at the prices and the photos of the food and wondering if it's too good to be true, it is.
Four stars just for kindness and hospitality of the staff. Excellent service and genuine interest in delivering great experience to make your customer happy.

For appetizers we ordered Bruschetta and Shishito peppers.
Bruschetta was tasty, had the right flavor and probably one of the best. Shishito peppers seldom go wrong.
We ordered a few pasta for mains; ravioli was really good however we were sorely disappointed with Frank's pasta with branzino and shrimps.
The entire dish tasted bland and flavorless.. Basically not well put together.
We let the staff know and they were immediately attentive to our complain and accountable enough to remove this off our bill, even without us asking for it.
It's not so much about the money but rather about the accountability and interest shown by the staff to get it right for the customer.
Our faux pas; while leaving the restaurant my friend's kid tripped and broke two of their bottles. The staff simply smiled and told us it's totally ok, we need not worry or feel guilty.
Such kind of excellent service makes your visit worth it.
