Consistently a shining star of a Brooklyn dining experience. They are all about the customer- making you glad you chose to have a meal there. Service is tops as is the carefully crafted cuisine. While the food, service and atmosphere will be presenting you with finer dining, it is more relaxed and unfussy. There is a reason they have been around long enough to see other revered places come and go- they know what they do and they they do it well.
This is the kind of place that you can easily enjoy a date or impress out of town guests that probably have pre-conceived notions of what Brooklyn dining is like.
Once thing is for sure- not only will you leave satisfied, you'll probably already be planning your next visit.
The outdoor dining was nice and cute with the lighting in a pretty quiet neighborhood. We had the octopus and crab cake as our starters. The octopus was tasty and el Dante inside. This was my first time ever having elk chop! I was blown away! The seasoning was great and the elk was cooked perfectly. The elk also wasn't too gamy paired perfectly with Turley Juvenile Zinfandel. What a little charm in the neighborhood!!
Very welcomed restaurant in a historic Brooklyn Heights. Very well spaced distance between tables, attentive server and bus boys - followed all the distance rules. Food is amazing. Unique elk chops, soft shell crabs - this is what you have to come for! Salad was great too. Perfect portion size. Definitely must try.
Nice setting and outdoor dining. Pretty good cocktails, and the octopus was well cooked. However, the entrees were lackluster. The salmon with mustard three ways was very exciting on the menu, but on the plate was just fish with some mustard sauce and garnish. The duck with mushrooms was disappointing - the mushrooms were basically stewed in a sweet brown gravy that I would expect to see in a cafeteria more than a restaurant.
Came here for brunch. I ordered Tortilla Espanola and it comes with a side salad. I asked if i could sub it for anything else and they said no? They said I can only remove it and then I would have to order a side of somthing else?

When my Tortilla came, it was tiny, maybe half a portion and it was dry. The salad that I didn't want was wilted. When the check came, I saw they charged me $4 for my gingerale???
During these tough time this place delivers! They are doing "Take Away" and it is great!
Wow.
This place is an institution, and definitely one of the best places you can go to in the neighborhood for a real sit down meal.    They moved down the street from their old location but the food is the same and the atmosphere is better than before.

In the fall their wild game menu is wild!

Year round the menu is filled with hits.

When my girlfriend goes a week without giving me a hard time this is where I bring her for date night, and they never disappoint us.

Sit down have some wine and choose anything on the menu, you can't go wrong.
The mustard chops weren't welcomed, thank you--

I ordered the elk chops; they had an excessive, overpowering amount of mustard. I enjoy and can handle well spicy foods, but this was an overkill. I was tearing up, and couldn't taste the meat allegedly exquisite meat underneath the mustard. Shame on the chef!
The black sea bass and the consommé were alright, to be fair.
Nice Pinot Noir, ok.

Overall:
Bah.
This place is awesome. I highly recommend!
Great service, fresh ingredient, and food is just amazing.
Bread, soup, salad, crab cake, salmon, steak, and tiramisu
Impeccable
Amazing restaurant in Brooklyn Heights! will definitely be back
We have been coming here about annually for the past 10 years. It's a long trek from CT, but it's worth it. We love wild game and this place knows how to bring out the best in it. Walnut crusted chicken was so surprisingly delicious. The elk chop superb. The duck (both sour cherry sauce and ginger soy) were more than expected.
The deserts are not a strong point here. Mediocre. Particularly in contrast to the strong medley of flavors in the main courses.
Still, we will be back!
KenScale: 8.0/10

My wife Jun and I go on a double date from time to time with my former co-worker and her husband (an avid foodie) to check out new restaurants. Ever since the couple had a baby, it has become a bit more challenging to find a place that could work for the next restaurant trips. The couple lives in Brooklyn Heights so I asked them if there is any restaurant in their neighborhood that is convenient for them to meet up for dinner before the summer's end. The foodie husband said Henry's End which I had never heard of until that point was his all-time Brooklyn Heights favorite. I was certainly intrigued and took on their offer to come visit Brooklyn Heights to visit the restaurant. When Jun and I walked in, I had an impression at the moment that I was inside a dive bar with exposed bricks and a very quaint décor. Not that the venue's vibe really matters for me; Jun and I dislike places with fancy settings but food that turns out to be underwhelming more than places with humbling settings but have very delicious food. And surprisingly the food at Henry's End turned out to be quite good.

The menu at Henry's End is a loose group of New American dishes with locally sourced ingredients and influences from different parts of the country. The dishes here tend to be on a more rustic side. Jun wished the sauce were slightly less sweet, but still very much enjoyed the barbecue ribs whose texture was more or less perfect. The shrimp sautéed with spicy Andouille sausage was also very nice for an appetizer, with a Southern style that was hearty and satisfying. Jun, always a duck meat aficionado, ordered the duckling honey-ginger that the foodie husband highly recommended. I stole some bites from the duckling and it was cooked quite aptly to give the texture that the duck meat must have to shine at a dinner table. On the other hand, the main dish that I had ordered, veal scallopine sautéed with roasted garlic, lemon, capers and basil, was a little bit too aggressive in the seasoning department even though the meat itself was gently prepared. Don't skip desserts at Henry's End! You have two different versions of mud pie, and the Mrs. Mud Pie version that Jun chose was absolutely decadent with vanilla and Heath Bar Crunch ice creams on a Graham Cracker crust, topped with hot butterscotch sauce. Same goes for the delightful Persian lime pie, consisting of fresh lime pastry cream on a Graham Cracker crust. While neither dish looked too healthy, we didn't mind feeling a little bit guilty and promised each other that we will put extra efforts into our gym classes for the rest of the week.

I have no idea how difficult it is to snag a reservation at Henry's End but the restaurant was mostly packed with local Brooklynites during our Wednesday meal so booking in advance seems like a good idea. As noted above, the décor and atmosphere of the restaurant might scare you off a little but I suggest that you get comfortable with embracing the old-school vibe of this place. The wine list at Henry's End was quite a surprise; I didn't expect to see so many bottles, many of them from California, from older vintages all the way to the 20th century at bargain prices. There are also daily wines by the glass available that you should take advantage of. Henry's End is one of those restaurants that if you live in the neighborhood you would want to come back again and again for a reliable dining experience. Jun and I certainly would love to come back again to try other dishes and explore the wine list.
A true gem of Brooklyn Heights! A very unique menu featuring many fresh "game" meats (I.e rabbit, deer, duck, etc) which maintains unbelievable quality and is well worth the price.

Food: I had ordered the a mixed plates with duck, rabbit, and venison and everything was impeccable. My friend described his chicken as best chicken if his life.

Drinks: short but fantastic beer menu featuring local gems. I ordered wine special which was excellent and fairly priced.

Service: really amazing service. Wait staff was very attentive and genuinely cares we were satisfied.

Vibes: My favorite part of Henry's End is it is not pretentious. To have this level of food and service it is refreshing to have a relaxed unassuming atmosphere.
Went here because they have "game meat" which sounded really interesting. Well, I finally had kangaroo - it was diced meat in a pasta wrap. Not really that interesting. Tasted like chicken.

So that was sort of disappointing. Still, the food, ambience, and conversation was wonderful... we did have duck, and a few other interesting meats that were truly tasty.

As non NYC folks in Brooklyn, we engaged with a man who did reviews of many many NYC area restaurants - he did a blog, and was into the many hundreds of restaurants.... he said this was one of his favorites.

Overall, we had a great meal (twice) and had a great time. Good food, good wine, ate kangaroo... what more could you want? ;)
This is a bold statement... but Henry's End may have one of the best menus in all of New York City.  Just go.  The end.
My wife and I and friends have been coming to this restaurant for years.

We are disappointed that the dishes now do not include rice and a few vegetables.  The cost is probably around 50 cents.  Dishes like mash potatoes which tasted like instant mashed potatoes do not go with Sole with Lobster.  Then there is the glare from the sun shining from the building right across from the restaurant. It's not like there is a fantastic view, there is no view.   Anyway the glare makes enjoying the experience very unpleasant to say the least.  Everyone would want to sit across from their loved one, not side by side.

Then there is the wine.  Chardonnays that are eleven years old are usually not good as was the case with this wine.  They used to have very good wine at fairly high prices, now the wine is more expensive and is not a good quality.

Then there is the atmosphere which is not the same as the previous location which was dark and romantic instead the new place is very bright and sterile.  Bring back the candles like they had before.
And the wait staff has much to be desired.  They are not very friendly as in they take your order and someone else brings you your order.  The waiter did not even thank us for the tip!

Non the less, the owner tries his best to be accommodating.  He does need to be open to installing some nice shades to cut down on the glare, improve his wine selection and include rice and vegetables with dishes as he did before.  Also I would suggest that he warmly greet his guests to make them feel special.

Why do things have to change for the worst!
Amazing food. Very traditional dishes and cozy ambiance. Anything you ask for is delicious. Wine list has plenty of great wines. Love the truffled French fries.
Our friends from Brooklyn brought us here for dinner last night. My husband and I were blown away! I wasn't even hungry but the food was so amazing I cleaned my plate! The four of us all ordered completely different dishes and everything was so good! I had the Scottish Salmon which was cooked to perfection and melted in my mouth. My husband had the Steak Au Poivre which was also cooked to perfection and had such delicious flavor. The food is very fresh and the service is great. This will be a regular for us when we travel into Brooklyn!
An old stand by on Henry Street in Brooklyn Heights consistently serving great food for many years. They also serve Game Meat every fall. You can't go wrong with what you order. The steaks are particularly very good.
Welcomed very quickly and sat immediately. Felt the servers were a little inattentive once our order was placed. Food was amazing! A bit loud for good conversation but overall a great experience
ABOMINABLE !
I went to the old Henry's End through the 90s and early 2000s.
I thought it would be exceptional enough for a friend's birthday dinner who I wanted to have good food and a good experience. That did not happen, and to a shocking extent. The food was revolting slop that looked like what you would find served in a prison, and (literally) toxic to an extent you would not EVEN find in a prison. I have never written (or felt compelled to write) anything like this--and the following--ever before.

I made reservations a week before, discussed that it was a friend's birthday, and requested a good table as I was booking in advance. This meant nothing when arrived as we were sat in their new not very exceptional dining room, at one of the even less exceptional (or desirable) tables, just as if we walked in off the street. When I asked if a better table could be provided (there were a few better empty tables in the room) I was told no, and that people reserved the other tables THAT day. However, after a while we WE'RE given a less bad table and told "people canceled" as if a favor was being done for us.

We started with drinks. I was given a martini on the rocks that was watered down from the "couple" if ice cubes in it. My friend's daiquiri was unrecognizable from any daiquiri EVER and tasted like nothing I have ever tasted even in the worst dive bar. She sent the drink back, and it was not the first thing that got rejected from our table during the evening. (I should have rejected everything.)

I had started dinner with the Caesar salad, she, the Duck Mousse. The salad was 'OK' but the mousse was more a puree than mousse and came with the unwanted surprise of chutney mixed in the under portion of it. This was NOT listed in the menu description. We also both switched to wine knowing no "mixing skill" would be required. THIS is the least awful part of "dinner."

The entrees came. We both ordered "Braised Duck with Seasonal Wild Mushrooms, Shallots, Thyme, and Lingonberries." My dinner companion ordered mashed potatoes, and I ordered sautéed spinach. The plates with the duck were non-descript brown heaps of sauce with something underneath. The spinach was swimming in water and the mashed potatoes were slopped onto the plate in lumpy mound. We each tasted our side dishes. Mine was at least not overcooked (I would suffer form having eaten it later.) Hers caused an expression on her face that caused me immediately to taste it. And I was APPALLED.
It was a tasteless mountain of paste except for the overwhelming amount of SALT that had been DUMPED into it. She then tasted her duck, looked horrified, and said "I cannot eat this." I tasted it as well and it was horrendously tough, over cooked, and comprised (again) mostly of salt. This was to an extent I have never encountered before. If there were mushrooms, rice or shallots (described in the menu description) anywhere on the plate, I could not tell. Everything was mixed into an ugly overbearing brown sauce that was slathered over the inedible --equally ugly--brown carcass on her plate. BOTH of her dishes got sent back. Unfortunately, my friend's appetite was destroyed at this point and she said she could not eat anything else.

MY duck was not so badly overcooked, but equally buried underan ugly, heavy brown sauce. Perhaps out of shook over encountering one horrible thing after another, I ate my duck along with my spinach. It was not good and I would pay for that--in a couple of ways. My paying with my health, continued the day after eating at Henry's End, by feeling extremely unwell and like I mainlined SALT.

I convinced my friend to order dessert. She acquiesced. ANOTHER big mistake. Her "Black and White Mousse" was a thin layer of chocolate mousse under a thick layer of frozen cream. My Chocolate Hazelnut Cake was nothing you can't get in a diner, except for the "extra" taste of salt. This added to the toxic levels that at that point, had already been delivered into my system.

I foolishly ordered coffee. The coffee had a "burnt" odor, and when I poured the cream into it, a curdle "chunk" plopped into the cup, sending little curdled particles of cream out in a ripple effect throughout the surface of the beverage.

Today as last night, I pay with my health by still feeling ill from the mega does of salt I can still taste and was DUMPED in COPIUS amounts into almost everything served. I usually have no problem with salt. But today, the thought of it makes me feel ill. As I and my dinner companion both believe the duck was prepared MANY hours before it was served, it may have been left out to accumulate bacteria. That would account for how bad I felt the following day.

I saved up for last night. If anyone thinks as I did--of their good memories of the old "Henry's End" with a mind towards going, there PLEASE reconsider.

Shame on you Henry's End... for the last time I was there !
A great place. I first came here to celebrate hubby's birthday and we came back to celebrate my birthday here. The atmosphere is dim lighting and close quarters. We experienced great meals and great service both visits. The service is very attentive and they listen when you inform them of special occasions. You get a free entree for your birthday if you sign up with them.
They are known for their wild game festival and their usual menu has wild game specials. The regular menu is also great. Portions are generous, I believe we took doggie bags home both visits. There's no bar area at Henry's but there is a bar on the corner, one storefront away, which came in handy because it Poured on my birthday.
Outstanding! Very talented chefs they have create an outstanding, robust menu. Not a lot of tables and, filled in on a Wednesday night. People like atmosphere, I like food.....this is the place for the latter. I heard they were moving to accommodate more guests after 40 + years. I hope they bring the charm this place had.
Pricy for the food they serve.
Don't like there strict reservation policy.
Waters make you feel like your just a costumer.
There food an service is not worth the price.
I overhead one of my students talking about the wonderful meal he had at Henry's End so I just knew this was the kind of place I needed to bring my boyfriend. We've been to Henry's End twice now. Once last summer and most recently last week for the 2nd phase of the Wild Game Festival.

The Wild Game Festival is definitely a very special dining experience. First of all, the service you will receive no matter what time
of year will always be exceptional. The restaurant is on the smaller side so if definitely recommend making a reservation. We had a reservation for 6pm. We arrived a few minutes past 6 but were seated right away.

The kitchen is open so you are exposed to the sounds of the chefs working and you can see that they are working very hard to prepare very special dishes. For appetizers we ordered the kangaroo potstickers and the game Charcuterie Plate. The potstickers were delicious and you would never know it consisted of kangaroo meat if no one told you. It tasted kind of like pork to me. The game Charcuterie Plate consisted of rabbit sausage, pork belly, and Wild Game pâté. All was very good. For my entree I had the crab stuffed chicken while my boyfriend had the elk chops. Both entrees were delicious and packed with great flavors.

Needless to say we will be back. Hopefully soon for the 3rd phase of the Wild Game Festival. As each phase has a different menu. I definitely recommend Henry's End. Also a sure to sign up for their Birthday club as you will receive a $25 coupon for your birthday.
I had the pleasure to dine at Henry's End twice so far. The first time was in spring and the second time in fall. They have different seasonal menus. The first time I had a delicious salmon and cous cous dish.
The second time me and my boyfreind went there unaware of their wild game festival. So it was a pretty fun night because we had to decide between stick to the usual or venture into... Kangaroo meat! We had the kangaroo and it was very good, tender with sweet notes of berry (since the marination) and served with sweet potatoes and spinach.

Our wild board pappardelle were also great, I felt like I was in Italy for one second!

The wait staff was impeccable, both times.

I really like the atmosphere of Henry's End, there's something special quite cinematic about it, almost a vibe of what you imagine  Brooklyn was years back.
This used to be our favorite, a neighborhood gem, but as the prices have gone up the quality has declined.

We're a pass there are much better places in the neighborhood.
I've gone there for two decades but no more.
I have been going here for around the last 15 years. A great restaurant with great service and even better food.  I have never had a bad meal here- the steak au poivre is to die for (I often like to order a side of mushrooms with it).
It met all our expectations and more! The crabcakes appetizer were large, meaty and delicious. The wild mushroom salad was also wonderful. The entrees were very large. The specials included a duck with sour cherry sauce that was outstanding. Also up to that level was the sole with lobster and mushrooms.  Our third guest had walnut crusted chicken which was very large and it too was outstanding. The service was friendly and sufficiently attentive.
Such a nice place with great service and wonderful steaks.   The au poivre is a delight, ample, tender and flavorful.  Sides were delicious and wine excellent.
A new friend in the Heights suggests that we eat local so I immediately scan my trusty Yelp app to reconnoiter the area.  We lived here in the mid-80's but by now, things have changed!  She's not a big fan of tomato-based Italian food, in an admonishing tone, says "it's the nightshade family!" It's fine. Anyone who reads my posts knows that I'm an Italian food junkie, but I'm in a mood for something different.  After hemming and hawing, we walk up to Henry Street and decide on Henry's End.  Charlie the dog is lying near the entrance and gives us a friendly greeting. I ask him if he'd like a martini and he jumps up and wags his tail. My kind of dog!! It's a fairly nice evening so we decide to sit outside. My friend's been under the weather but agrees that we should order a nice bottle of red wine. Matthew our waiter suggests a montepulciano and it's superb. We share a walnut vinaigrette salad with mushrooms. It's a perfect starter. The menu has two duck entries, we each order a different one.  My duck is Asian style honey ginger, Crisp skin, not fatty at all,  almost like Peking duck. I love it.  My friend's duck is more ragu style, with mushrooms, equally delicious. The conversation is animated and flowing.  But wait, something's missing! We realize there's no side dish. We signal Matthew who apologizes and offers to get us sautéed asparagus on the house.  He also offers free dessert. Wow what a nice gesture!  We top the meal off with apple cobbler and tiramisu. Coffee and espresso. Gee what a great meal!  We'll definitely be coming back!  Good night Charlie wherever you are!
An update for the new location: The food was just as amazing as it was at the previous location. Despite only being a month into their new location service was seamless and it was great to see mostly familiar faces from the old location. There is also a nice bar area at the new location. So happy to report that they are keeping up with the good work. We had the tuna orecchiette pasta, the mushroom duck, the fried chicken, gazpacho, and goat cheese salad. All very very good!
Great little spot that has only been in its new digs for 3 weeks! We did make a 6pm reservation, thankfully we did because we would have been waiting for a bit. We were greeted by the owner, who sat us on the patio! We were out celebrating our anniversary and they delivered on every aspect of the meal. Nice "Crisp" brew to start off the meal. Crab cakes, Shrimp app with some delicious combo of flavors. But wait there's more...Chicken, spinach, goat cheese , fig jelly...mic drop, pick it up; Steak Diane that you could have drank the sweet flavor that blanketed the fine cut of meat. Side of asparagus and real buttery mashed...there is no way we can do dessert, but we do coffee. The special anniversary dessert was delivered which was a nice touch, much appreciated! Price point was in line with the food quality, service and experience. We are from out of towners but felt the urge to write this review because more people need to experience this little gem that has been doing it well for a long while.  5 out of 5 stars
I went recently using the birthday coupon and can't believe i've never written a review before.  I must say this is a solid local restaurant with incredibly friendly staff and creative versions of standard American dishes.  I had an almond-crusted chicken and my girlfriend had the spinach and goat cheese-stuffed chicken breast.  Both were a unique take on your typical chicken dinner and excellent.  I live in the neighborhood because I feel like its more of a community than other parts of Manhattan I've lived in and Henry's End  has a warm presence that feels like part of a community too.  They had moved to a new location a block away from where they were before  since the last time I ate there and, while it lost a little of its tavern/bar look, it has gained a positive addition as now they have some nice outdoor space for al fresco dining. Recommended.
Really a 3.5 --wish we could give half stars. Very cozy, small establishment , just wished the food was a little better. Both of us ordered the prix fixe. Scallops were good, sole was nothing special, but soft shell crab linguine was delicious. The desserts were underwhelming -- apple cobbler was very mushy on the inside.
You could pass its nondescript storefront by but you should NOT!  I had the honey-ginger duckling, my wife had the Steak Diane.  Both were incredible.  The duck was the best I have had for years (and there was a lot of duck consumed in those years).

Also, the mashed potatoes were creamy and dripping with butter.

Like the Terminator, "WE'LL BE BACK!"
This is a beautiful restaurant that has been around for decades.
The truffle fries pair well with the steak au poivre.
I enjoyed the walnut crusted chicken finished with a blue cheese sauce. Yum!
Make reservations!
If you want a brilliant dining experience, be pampered with great service,  all while enjoying amazingly prepared food...Henry's End is for you. So many restaurants in NYC...and we've been to this restaurant twice in two weeks...it's that good! Our first meal we enjoyed sharing the Kangaroo Potstickers, and the Duckling with Wild Mushrooms, shallots, thyme, and lingonberries. With this we enjoyed a bottle of Tempore Joven 2004, from Agagon Spain. Everything was amazing. Our second trip we shared the Buffalo Hanger Steak with Housemade Steak Sauce and Truffled Fries. Oh WOW...Tender steak! This night we opted for beer and enjoyed "Two Roads "Road 2 Ruin" Double IPA Stratford Connecticut," and "Oskar Blues "Old Chubb" Scotch Ale Brevard, North Carolina." They complimented this meal well for us. Our server, Mike on both nights, was exemplary. And the little inside scoop...the restaurant name is because this restaurant is where Henry Street ends. Go figure...So Very Clever!
My last visit here was back in 2013 to have the Steak au Poivre and it was just absolutely fantastic. In another life, this was my own little personal kitchen, a few blocks away. Unfortunately, now I live in California. I know I am a bit late leaving this review but I know many of their signature dishes haven't changed and I just had to leave a review upon reading a complaint about the 'presentation' of the dishes. Which is all in the beauty of Henry's End.

Someone else was complaining about the presentation? Simple dish? How do you want to spruce up a dish like Steak au Poivre you genius? Do you think the Chef should put some pink boba on the side or maybe add taro creme to a classic such as Caesar Salad? Maybe some unicorn fairy dust to spruce up your Southern Fried Chicken?

I totally get it, okay? People like something new and exciting. You want to see some fairy dust in your pink unicorn latte. I totally get it, but here's the thing... You see, some things aren't meant to have pink dust and purple creme dressed all over the dishes. Some things are classics and just... Well, my father used to say to me... 'Son, don't fix what ain't broke'.

Now please, travel the world over and dine at wherever you want for that latest food craze and when the fad has passed, you will always want that Steak au Poivre. Made with so much love for life and love for the fellow human. Which cannot be found or replicated anywhere else, except at this quaint little restaurant down the end of Henry Street.
Very unique restaurant in a great location, a block and a half off the Brooklyn Bridge. The restaurant is not large, and was well packed on a Saturday night.

They offer a unique experience in that they offer a large selection of "game meat" in a very well-prepared manner. I tried the:

1)Turtle soup - Delicious. Tasted like a chili. Not at all gamey.
2)Kangaroo Kebabs - My favorite thing that I ate. Tastes exactly like high end steak. Juicy, tender, and not at all gamey. If you told me it was beef I would have believed you.
3)Elk Chops - Everyone else I was with loved them, but I don't like gamey  tasting meat, and there is certainly a gamey aftertaste to the elk chops. I was not a fan.
4)Venison sausage - Solid sausage. Taste unique. Not particularly strong flavor, but enjoyable.
5)Quail - Great. Tasted unique. Not exactly chicken but close. The texture was different as well.

The desserts were also great as well. the Mrs. Mud Pie was a generous portion of ice cream, on a bed of caramel with a nice crust. Delicious.

The service was good. Not the best I've had in that there were several times I wish I had more water, but they did pass by a few times to check on us.

The only deduction is for value. This is a pricey place. I certainly enjoyed some of the dishes, and I was able to scratch several things off my food bucket list during this meal. I would come back, but I would do it with the intention of trying other exotic things, rather than try the same things I've had already.
My boyfriend found this restaurant on Yelp so we decided to go. The atmosphere in here is nice and cozy. The kitchen is open so if you sit by the back you can look over and see the cooks preparing the meals.

I ordered the Prix Fixe menu, Spring Onion soup, which was good. As an entree I had Walnut Crusted Chicken Breast with a side order of mashed potatoes, it was amazing! And for dessert I got the chocolate banana bread pudding. It was good and was enough to share with my boyfriend.

My boyfriend ordered the Mixed Game Grill which featured elk chops, stuffed quail, and rabbit sausage. He's the more adventurous one when it comes to ordering different things. He really loved this dish!

I would definitely suggest this place and I plan on going back!
