This is a pre-COVID review but the place was PACKED. So packed that we didn't think we were going to be able to get any seating. Luckily one of the workers saw us struggling and managed to find a table on the second floor and while it was a little tightly packed, it felt cozy and added to the ambience. Since the service/staff were friendly, it set the tone for the rest of the night. Got some Irish coffees, deviled eggs, pork sliders, and other drinks. Oysters were very good too!
Fun spot in FiDi. Staff are friendly and attentive. They have drink specials and a few jugs of some sort of Tullamore Dew punch chilling on ice. Tried one... whew. Potent.
The crowd seems to be a bit varied. I was in on a Saturday night so it was not happy hour for FiDi employees. The bottom floor is quite narrow as is many a bar in NYC. The selection is very good if you like brown liquor. I'm a vodka drinker so that was a bit less but they have the standards.
The people coming in and out were 20 somethings and 30 somethings. The people who came and stayed were 40 somethings and up. Interesting selection of tunes.
I'll be back!
Soccer, Bud Light, & fantasy football...super popular things I simply don't get.  You can add the Dead Rabbit to that list.  The food, drinks, atmosphere, it's all good, but the prices (even for NYC) and how crowded it gets are huge negatives.  I suspect I will be back again and hope to have the same experience as others.  Maybe my expectations were simply too high.
Good old bar. It has an old medieval feel to it. The Dead Rabbit has a few different sections. Each are unique but they're all charming. You can have an intimate chat or get rowdy.

First floor you come to is the main bar. It has a great selection of beer. The Irish Red is the house selection. It's about $9 for a pint. Yes all the drinks are expensive, as they are at all the bars around this. Cocktails are about $18 each. That's more than a meal at most places. Also it's part of the reason why I haven't ordered any food. Another reason is because it's not exactly vegetarian friendly. They have a few salads but these are very pricey for some greens and tomatoes.

I would come back to check out the other rooms here. The Parlor Room sounds particularly cool if you can get a reservation. You'll unfortunately be paying a lot more for the upstairs.
Cane here for drinks on a Friday night and put our name  down immediately for the upstairs bar. The downstairs bar is like any other local bar but they had this Irish coffee that's warm and delicious especially in the winter. It's got like a cold foam on top but hot liquid on the bottom. I really enjoyed this hot drink and it was quite good. After about 45 minutes, the buzzer rang and we were able to go upstairs for a drink where it was more intimate and the cocktails were more unique.

Shared 2 cocktails
PEACE PROCESS (HOT)
SCOTCH WHISKY, JAMAICAN RUM, NUTMEG LIQUEUR, FERNET, WALNUT MILK, CHOCOLATE

SOUND AS A BELL
IRISH WHISKEY, AMBER VERMOUTH, APPLE WINE, FIG LEAF, PASSIONFRUIT, CORN SILK TEA, BLACKSTRAP BITTERS

Overall, the cocktails here are pricey but all well made. I particularly enjoyed all the hot drinks especially since it's winter time. Both cocktails I had were unique and the rest of the menu looks delicious as well. Come here if you're craving a unique cocktail.
I had high hopes for this place as it was rated really well on one of those top bars in the world list. It was surprisingly empty when we went on a Saturday night, but I guess the FiDi crowd doesn't really go out at this time, and I get they closed awfully early for a bar (I think at like 2? With the late night menu starting pass midnight).

The drinks were okay. My boyfriend got one of the lower level drinks and it tasted pretty light but was tasty as a smoothie (so-so as a cocktail). It had like Greek yogurt and coconut in it, and he liked it which was what matters.

I got one of the higher level ones and it tasted a bit too much like Islay Scotch. It was too much that all you could taste was the peatiness and nothing else in the drink (in comparison to say a penicillin, where the peatiness just comes on the nose).

Still had a great time there though and service was top notch. Our server refilled our waters on the clock!
Great bar and super lively on a Saturday night! I stopped in around 8pm with a group of friends and luckily we were able to get a big table in the back on the first floor. It was super crowded and tightly packed but the table they gave us was like having our own private room! I only saw the first floor which had two rooms, a bar in each room. There is also an upstairs (which I heard is like a lounge) however when we went to check it out after dinner, the bouncer said it was too full.

I ordered the vodka cocktail ($16) which was super refreshing. It tasted like a light cucumber summer cocktail; absolutely delicious! One of my friends got the Irish coffee ($14) which was also amazing. Not too strong; perfectly balanced! We ordered the deviled eggs with lobster ($15), truffle fries ($12) and the Guinness bread pudding dessert. The only thing I would not recommend was the bread pudding. It was very dry even with the ice cream on top. The menu was massive (see picture below), so you are bound to find something you enjoy!

Our waitress was very patient and super friendly. She was able to split our check 4 ways and took a pic for the table. She recommended my cocktail drink and had the bartender make a custom mocktail for one of my friends (which she really enjoyed)!

I will definitely be back here and would highly recommend this place!! Get here early to get a seat!
Creative and interesting cocktail list that seems o frequently have new options, and great food (we especially love the stew).
Ok the Irish coffee is 100% worth the hype. How do they make this magical drink? It's not at all bitter. In fact, it's dangerously smooth. That said it's not particularly strong or a large drink. But it's yuuuummmmy.

The bar has an upstairs, but it was closed when we were there.

We came at 10:30pm on a Wednesday and the bar was hopping. We found 2 seats at the bar. We left around 12:30, and the bar was packed.

We didn't have any food, so I can't speak to that.
I came here for a holiday party. The downstairs was extremely crowded, but luckily we had the third floor reserved. The space was cozy and intimate. I loved the Irish coffee cocktail. It's the perfect warm, boozy drink for winter and it's topped with a thick layer of sweet cream. Ask for it with nutmeg!

The Dead Rabbit also provided catering for this party. The charcuterie spread provided a great selection of meats and cheeses. The lobster deviled eggs were meh. There wasn't enough lobster on them for me to be impressed. The short rib on the short rib sliders was very tender.

Maybe not a great place if you're not into crowds, but perfect if you're looking to reserve a private room for a party! Service was friendly and attentive.
Came in for drinks a couple times.  Solid cocktails and amazing Irish coffee.  Only thing we tried to eat was the devilled eggs with lobster, which was delicious.  Looked at what others were eating and everything looked good.  Will definitely be back to try some more food

Great athmosphere and very good service.
Such a cool place! Wanted to come for a long time and glad I finally made it. Came pretty early on a Saturday in November, maybe 5 pm, and it was already decently full. In the downstairs part it kind of reminds me of a fancier cocktail version of McSorley's with the old school decor and sawdust on the floor, but it's still really chill and not stuffy. There are two sides of the bar although there's more seating on the far side. We (3 of us) put our name down for a table and we luckily got one after 10-15 only which was nice because it was crowded enough to be uncomfortable standing if you didn't have a spot at the bar. Cocktails are inventive and fun and we didn't get food but it looked good.

We then went upstairs after putting our name down and not waiting that long. Upstairs has such a different vibe, and this was the dead rabbit I was expecting. It's darker, quiet, and there are tables / seats for everyone with no loiterers or unnecessary crowds. This is where the menu looks like a graphic novel / dark comic book and I just absolutely loved it!! I couldn't read the whole thing at the time, but it also appeared to be part of a series so I didn't have the background, but I loved it all the same. Pages and pages of different cocktails went with the story (I think?) and were arranged from lightest to booziest. They were excellent and I loved everything about it. They also give you a little starter drink served in a tiny teacup, love!

Then we went back downstairs after and met a few more people, and they got in no problem. Such a cool spot with two different vibes depending on what you're looking for, both awesome! Will be back if I'm in this neighborhood!
Came here on a Friday night to get some beers and tried their deviled eggs with bacon ($10) and Lamb shepherd's pie ($20), which had curried lamb with potato puree. Both were pretty good and went well with the beers. They have a wide range of selection for cocktails and Irish whiskey, so I want to come back for those.

The price point for foods and drinks here is a bit steep, but given that there aren't that many bars like this in FiDi area I guess that's where the value comes from. It's spacious and pretty big inside, but it's very crowded as it's a very popular spot.

I liked the lively vibe even though, just like any other bars, it's extremely loud and hard to hear each other. However, I do recommend here if you're looking for a decent bar in the FiDi area!
The Dead Rabbit is a great spot for drinks and food. Located in the Financial District,it's a mix between Irish pub and New York cocktail bar.
The first floor with its lively bar, is crowded and loud, but it's part of the charm, making it inviting, warm and non-pretentious.
After enjoying a couple cocktails and admiring the bartenders expertise, I can see how this place was named the best in the world.  Each cocktail is a minutious mix of ingredients expertly picked from mysterious small bottles seating right behind the bar.  I wonder how how long it must take to master this craft.
The food is also prepared with care, offering Irish fare, perfect to go with your craft beer, or cocktail.  I recommend getting a selection of Irish breads to eat with your oysters or to just savour by itself, yummy!
Really, everything from the food, the drinks and the atmosphere was perfect.
I work in the area yet never spend time around FiDi. I decided to finally give The Dead Rabbit a shot, and it didn't let me down. I went with a co-worker, we both ordered food and drinks. I tried one of the signature cocktails, I believe The Trailblazer (has mezcal), then asked for a margarita after. Both drinks were solid, but my marg seemed very weak.. We shared oysters, they were fresh and delicious; truffle fries (perfect), and the fish and chips weren't too oily or chewy.

The history of the pub is made clear throughout, which I always love coming from long-standing businesses in NY. Staff was friendly and prompt, even on a Friday night after work. Yes, busy, but we had a great time and would definitely go back.
This place is an absolute gem. It's in a neighborhood (FiDi) that I have no other reason to be in, ever - but Dead Rabbit is one of those destination spots you go out of your way to visit. There's good reason for the wait times to get in: everything from the unique craft cocktails, to the ambiance, to service is consistently stellar.

On our most recent trip, for my husband's birthday, we went upstairs to the parlor to enjoy some after-dinner drinks. So delicious. I was torn between slowly sipping my drink (Panic Attack) to truly savor all the fresh, distinctive flavors... and wanting to quickly guzzle down all that liquid yumminess all at once.

We both ended our evening with their famed Irish coffee, which is nothing short of epic. The Dead Rabbit mixologists have TRULY nailed this drink down to an art form. The coffee- and whiskey-based concoction has the PERFECT, comforting degree of warmth, and is then topped with this refreshingly cool layer of homemade whipped cream. The pairing together of warm and cool on your tastebuds is just such a treat. My husband said this drink was like liquid dessert!

Can't wait to return. I haven't tried their food yet, and have my sights set squarely on those truffle fries.
It is telling that myself and my friends, in a brief trip to New York City -wherein one may find so many, many options for food and drink, and perhaps feel obligated to explore as many as possible- would pay our tab and abandon a restaurant miles to the north, then trudge through the cold to catch the subway down to Water Street in order to visit Dead Rabbit for a second time in three days.

The first visit was a screaming success. Holding fond memories of previous trips, we sensibly posted up on the front step a short while before the doors were scheduled to open on St. Patrick's day and grabbed one of the tiny tables downstairs before the rush hit [three separate groups were fighting over the table while we paid our tab that day]. Full Irish breakfasts and a few cocktails and shots of whiskey later -courtesy of the Excellent advice of the Lovely [and very Irish] waitstaff, I have a new favorite whiskey- we eeled our way out through the press of eager green-clad celebrants, incredibly satisfied.

Fast forward a few days later: it is no less crowded as we wiggle our way back in and get on the waitlist for a table upstairs for a late dinner. The general hubbub is enough to make your head spin if the well-balanced but heavy-hitting drinks don't do the job already, but it's a warm, welcoming feeling. The bartenders are a delight to talk to and order from- the best at their trade, they manage cheerful conversation and have sound recommendations and creative suggestions for the drinks, which can get overwhelming in the cocktail lounge [it's a brilliant menu, and an entertaining read]. The food is invariably delicious, even if you just get the crudites [tasty dip, crunchy celery, nice olives and so on] but i personally recommend the toasty. It's a brilliant grilled cheese and eating it was sort of the culinary equivalent of a hug.

Any way. I could wax on about this place for ages, so I'll stop here. I just wish I lived closer.
My husband and I popped into The Dead Rabbit on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon and we were super excited to have our choice of seating either upstairs or down. I liked the vibe of the downstairs so we grabbed two seats at the bar and perused the menu.

At a cocktail mecca such as this, I was a little nervous to ask about non-alcoholic selections, but the bartender said she could make me something based on the flavors I like. I told her I like simple, not overly sweet concoctions and I especially enjoy mules. This woman made me the most delicious version of a booze-free moscow mule that I have ever tasted! It was so smooth and tasted much more complex than a simple ginger beer with lime. I don't know what she did but it was magic!

We also decided to order the fries, which came with a few different dipping sauces. They were absolutely delicious, and the curry ketchup that came with was fantastic!

Great place to spend some time, especially if you can get there when it's quiet.
Dead Rabbit is just a step off of the fairy dock on Wall Street.  We wandered in for a drink before heading back to our hotel.  What I found out is that they are known for their mixed drinks and location was used in the movie bar scene "Gangs of New York" and one of those gangs was known as the "Dead Rabbits".  I guess someone threw a dead rabbit into their hang out.

It was packed on a Monday night, we still found seats at the bar.  Very loud music is played.  I had the Irish Coffee which was literally to die for.  Irish cream foam cap and with every sip of coffee on the bottom you got the delicious Irish cream foam in the sip.  Just awesome.  The friends with me had a Rueben sandwich or something similar to a Rueben.  It isn't on the menu but boy was that sandwich beautiful.

Only complaint is just cuz you come in as a group of 3 doesn't mean that it should be one bar bill.  I find that frustrating when 3 adults are assumed to be dating and it's my problem to work that out.  Now I know for next time to immediately say "separate checks please!"
Awesome cocktails, main drawback is that it's a small space that can get crowded pretty easily. If you can get a spot at the bar you're golden, but might take a little waiting if you're going at a popular time.
There is a reason why this bar is recommended by almost all of the locals. The interior is nice but no air conditioning on a really sweltering summer day in the city. Only saving grace is the fantastic cold concoctions that the expert bartenders mix up. My husband really loved his old fashioned and I enjoyed the gimlet. The lobster deviled eggs were fantastic... order them... you won't be disappointed. (Unless you hate lobster or eggs)

The best part of our experience was the Irish coffee that the bartender offered to make us complementary. I don't drink coffee.. never have... but this was out of this world delicious. I absolutely loved it. They totally converted me to loving coffee... well only if there is liquor in it. ;)
Wow this place was marvelous.

I came here on a weekday night after a stressful day at work. Came here to hangout with an old coworker after not seeing him for a while, but boy was I surprised at how rowdy and noisy it was at around 11pm EST on a Wednesday night. We were lucky to even get a seat!

A female bartender helped us get situated and offered a wide drink menu. We had some of the cocktails and enjoyed the atmosphere. They only had one side open which is why it was so cramped, but not surprised since it was past dinner time anyways. They had an upstairs section that I unfortunately did not have the opportunity to view. The drinks weren't memorable but I definitely remember trying their version of the old fashioned and also sampling my friend's Manhattan.

Definitely come in! The bar as a rustic vibe about it and a very laid back atmosphere on the southern edge of Downtown, Manhattan.
I absolutely love this place. I'm not surprised this place has won so many awards. I don't drink much but had 2 Irish coffees and contemplated a third. I've only had shepherds pie a handful of times as I find it hard to find. Was feeling so happy and satisfied after this meal wanted to come back but time wouldn't allow.
Great spot and great Irish Coffee as well as specialty drinks. The food was superb and the corned beef hash was exceptional.
Service was a little slow but loved the 3 whisky bars, gorgeous.
Sawdust on the floor which you need to watch for if you are hanging your coat.

You can see why this place was voted best pub as the staff are great and a really good craft beer selection.
The bar seemed cool, but the service sucks!!! The bartender was rude, obnoxious, and racist. I have an accent...who doesn't in NY?

She ranted "in the US tip isn't included" when I paid with my credit card - granted tip is customary for drinks since no food was ordered - Little she knows, my intent was to give her a tip in cash. She didn't even wait for me to reach into my pocket when proceeding to demand a tip.

This poor behavior should not be tolerated and regardless of who I am or where from, there is no need for poor manners. I get it, bartending isn't fun or easy and the service industry is tough yet being a jerk to costumers isn't cool at all.
Aw man. Coming to a place like this, during the winter time, makes my heart throb (literally, the drinks are really strong!) The history of this "pub" as a downtown staple influences every aspect of your night here:

- The food is old school fare on steroids (super delicious with an extensive menu)
- The drinks are expertly crafted, especially the old fashioned
- Crowd is a mix of regulars, post-work FiDi folk, and everything in between

True, it is in the middle of nowhere, but that's part of the charm. Take a 5 minute cab ride uptown for your nightcap, you bum.

Places like this tend to not stay around for long, so get in while you can!
This is definitely among my all time time favorite bars ever! I'm in love with the ambiance, the hospitality, and the drinks. It's an excellent place to catch up with friend(s) but also if you want to impress a special someone.

My friend and I were initially a bit lost as we've never been this far South in Manhattan. Luckily, we were able to snag two bar seats without any reservations on a Friday night (the pouring rain outside might have helped).

Once you're inside, you will definitely be impressed as the Cuban theme is everywhere. From the decor to the menu outlining the country's history to the straw hats and floral shirts of the staff, this was a nice mini escape from NYC. Plus, you get to send a complimentary postcard to anyone you'd like before you leave!

You're welcomed with a mini frozen daiquiri which was really refreshing (dangerous though cos you could barely taste the alcohol). They also have rotating specials on their cocktail list so my friend and I opted for those. My favorite drink of the night had to have been the coffee cocktail that our bartender let us try. Everything is so whimsical and I definitely want to go back to try some of their dessert cocktails.

Each cocktail is priced around ($18) not including tax and tip though so this is definitely more of a splurge! Nevertheless, if you're in need of a treat, a date night, or a place to catch up with friends - make this your go to place :)
What a fun bar to go to and have a drink! I love the pictures all over the wall as the photos on the ceiling. I asked why there was sawdust all over the floor and I was told years ago the rabbits were around and there was no place for the rabbits to go and basically the sawdust absorbed the rabbit's pee! I went with my work colleagues and we had a nice table and we were able to talk with one another! It was a nice surprise in the middle of the Wall Street district. I had a grey goose cosmo that I didn't love- I even had the waitress bring it back to the bartender and make another one but I really didn't like it. For some reason it tastes like it had grapefruit juice in it. Everyone else ordered different kinds of beer and wine and they were happy!
This is an awesome little pub down in the financial district. They have a great selection of Irish whiskeys and a multitude of beers and other liquors. It's a very cozy little place but has awesome employees that are very friendly and pour great drinks. I plan on hitting this place every time I'm in New York.
Immediately upon entering you'll experience a very local pub feel, which is comforting. It does get very crowded downstairs though, but I understand why since the beer selection is solid and it's a local spot for most people who frequent the area. In order to go upstairs to the speakeasy portion you'll need to leave your name with the guy right by the stairs, he'll give you a buzzer in exchange.
My friend and I probably waited about 10 minutes before our buzzer rang, which is quite lucky since I hear some people wait much longer than that to go upstairs. The upstairs speakeasy does not get very crowded since it's a first come first serve, and capped after a certain head count. Their menu is a comic, which you can purchase for $5 if you like.
Cocktails are expertly crafted and are all delicious.
The speakeasy definitely does have a date night vibe to it, and would be an impressive date spot!
The enclosed booths are PERFECT for larger parties that want a little space to themselves on a Saturday night in a bar in NYC where space is so hard to come by. It sat about 10 of us pretty comfortably around the table. I was here with about 14 people and I think everyone had an enjoyable time.

I absolutely loved how dark it was in here, makes for an intimate feeling setting. The walls are full of photos and memorabilia but somehow it does not feel overdone or cluttered.

In short, I would definitely come back here and would recommend it to others.
If the music were a little softer - so you hear each other or yourself think, this would be five stars. That said the turns that they played were fantastic!
I was tapping my foot along. Which goes well with their theme of "Craic".
You might have to come help it out to learn more about that.
The drinks were all expertly crafted. Homemade bitters and juices. Each one by hand served in appropriate choices of glassware.
The food that was on a tray being delivered near me looked great! But alas, I had already eaten... that means I will be back to try their fare.
I was mesmerized by the collections of whiskey- scorch, American, Japanese, Irish (of course) and the tequilas(it's not Tucson, but they have some variety - and remember this isn't a Mexican bar).
They even have some Genevers listed!!!!
So yeah totally worth a return trip.
The Dead Rabbit has been on my radar for many years, but I hardly frequent the FiDi neighborhood.
I finally got around to making the trip down south, and it was a great time!
We arrived around 6pm, and spoke to a gentleman at the bottom of a flight of stairs. Apparently the cocktail bar is on the upper level, and there is a more casual bar on the ground level. We put our names down to be called and grabbed a couple beers on the ground level. The bar went in rather deep but  seemed narrow from the outside.

The bar upstairs was dimly lit and seemed rather romantic. We were seated and the server came by very quickly to get us waters.
The menu was very creative and had a really interesting design.

I can't wait to be back to try their other cocktails.
The Dead Rabbit is rated a top 50 bar in the world for a darn good reason - this place is special and make cocktails a work of liquid art. The comic book theme to their menu adds a wonderful flare to the bar and gives you a little something to explore while you choose a drink. Tables in the upstairs cocktail bar are not terribly hard to come by. You can wait at the bar downstairs and they give you a buzzer while you wait which is super convenient. While upstairs the bartenders and servers work their magic to truly make it a wonderful experience and they encourage you to try out different tastes and flavors in your drink. I particular enjoyed how they divided up the menu based off the type of drink you're looking for - lightly boozy and fruit to dark and liquor heavy. Go check it out, you're sure to have a wonderful time!
I came here the other night with a few friends and it was pretty cool.
I found out this is the sister bar of blacktail!
My friends and I had our name on the list and didn't really have to wait that long until we were seated upstairs in the dinning area.
The menu is like a book, and the further you get into the menu the stronger the drinks become.
They started us off with this warm whiskey in a tea cup! Which was super cute and the drink itself was very tasty.
My friends ended up getting the Irish coffee, straight whisky and the panic button.
Holy shit, these drinks were strong but delicious!
The service is pretty fantastic as well!

I noticed that throughout the night this place can be super busy one moment and the next it's quiet.
So be patient because this place is definitely worth the wait.
I also found out you can buy the menu book for $6!
The cocktail parlor definitely creates some of the most nuanced and beautiful cocktails I've ever had. The vibe inside the second floor lounge is chill, spacious, and a little vintage. I know The Dead Rabbit is notorious for wait times, but they make up for it with the experiences once you're seated.

I came with a party of three and we waited about 35 minutes downstairs in the saloon. The food service wasn't my priority, but everything we saw looked excellent! When we were seated upstairs, we caved and got truffle fries and deviled eggs. Both were perfect! Curry mayo with the fries was so good!

The drink menu is both a comic book adventure and a themed, categorized approach to choosing a drink. Take your time reading the story and you'll see 7 "chapters" of cocktails that range for lighter to heavier/boxier. Each chapter had a description like "martini style drinks" or "old fashioned style drinks". They have non-alcoholic and low ABV options plus harder hitting things. IMO, there's something for everyone here. The drinks are neither too boozy or too sweet, and each flavor (herbs, spicers, liquors) come through beautifully.

Docking a star because the bouncer at the front wasn't doing his job. When we entered, he opened the door directly into the saloon and didn't even offer us the chance to put our names down for the cocktail parlor. Apparently he does this a lot (according to other staff?), so make sure you're clear that you want to put your name down for the sit-down experience upstairs. If you're looking for a rowdier beer and whiskey vibe, the saloon is fine for that. They serve the same food on both levels. Come before 6 pm if you want a reasonable wait for the parlor. It gets busier as the night wears on.
This was not a great spot to have dinner, since the space is so small. We were crammed into a corner table where we also shares space with another table. The food was so so tonight. We had fish and chips, the black bean burger and the steak and chips. The fish was pretty good, but left me wanting for more; as did the other two entrees. The drinks came out when our meals did, which was a little frustrating. All in all, it was okay. I think I may like it more as just a bar
Drinks are real cocktails. Ambience is outstanding.
Can get a little too packed on Friday / sat nights.
My friend who lives in the Financial District talked this place up a lot before our visit so we decided we need to pass by and see for ourselves. Amazing spot! We went there on a Saturday night around 10pm and were able to easily get a drink on the first floor. As soon as we got there we put our name on the waitlist for the second floor and within 25 minutes we were seated upstairs. Both levels have ridiculously good drinks. We only got the chance to get one round downstairs, but I tried all my friends' cocktails as well and loved every single one.
Upstairs has a more upscale vibe and not a whole lot of space. We ended up getting 4 rounds here and each time a different cocktail. There was maybe one miss from a total of 12.

Hands down one of the best bars I've been to and if I lived in the area would probably be a regular here.
