The perfect ambience with beautiful classical music the crisp water breeze and impeccable service and ingredients was found in this Covid environment at the River Café. Great for a date, anniversary, celebration - there was some thing about the magical allure of the candlelight lantern setting amidst a secret garden while simultaneously floating on the water with the entire Manhattan skyline looming in the back while Chopin and Vivaldi floated in the backdrop of the evening.

The food was fixed price $125 per person and afforded the perfect amount of fullness and explosion of flavors.

My favorite was the hearty shrimp appetizer We did sweet chili sauce and grilled corn mash and the black Seabass fillet even though the signature dish of the Branzino sea bass was deboned -much to my lazy delight And was feeling owing to it's toasted fried crumb topping as well as the shrimp Layer it was wrapped in.

The desert Trio along with the four cookies was the perfect cap of the meal. My favorite personal dessert was the Brooklyn Bridge chocolate ganache tart on a bed of raspberry purée, but the light peach sorbet was almost bursting in its freshness and was a close second.

Overall between service, ambience, food options, seafood options for my pescatarian Muslim palate, A new favorite is found in Brooklyn
A gem of NYC with a heart of gold.

The River Cafe helped plan the most amazing wedding day imagined, in less than 3 weeks (you heard that right!). The team (from Alyson to the valet) went above and beyond to help make our special day unforgettable. All in a time of COVID.

We were able to have the ceremony, cocktail hour and reception all outdoors - per federal and state guidelines. All the tables were socially distant and they provided the flexibility for family and friends to celebrate within their comfort level.

The food - this was our first time here but if you read any credible review you know there is nothing like it.

The views - just take a walk around the venue and see for yourself.

Thank you River Cafe!
Best parts of our dinner - great decor and location, friendly and funny waiter, attentive staff and service.

For the price point, the overall experience was acceptable but I don't think I'd ever revisit, other than for the location. There are many restaurants with cheaper fixed price menus and better food.

The best dish from our night was the octopus appetizer that we got. It's probably in the top octopus dishes I've ever had. Everything else was good but not amazing.
Meh, I've been here before covid and it was good. Went today and they refused to sit me by the water because I wasn't a regular. I asked what it takes to be a regular and they said you need to eat here 40 years. F*ck that. I ate for 3 hours and only 2 of 5 water front spots were filled. To the snooty blonde lady they refused to let me eat by the water at tables that would go empty, screw you. I wont be back again. Why do do you treat non existent customers better than actual customers?

Won't be back again. If you won't a special dinner, don't go here. Apparently they only care if you have been going 40 years years. To everyone else, pound sand.
The River Café seeks to provide a best-in-class fine dining experience in one of the world's most beautiful settings. Regrettably, it fell well short of that standard on my recent visit. While the food was on par with expectation, a discerning customer will likely take exception to the service and overall experience. If you are hoping to create a perfect evening, you may wish to look elsewhere.

After calling me twice to confirm my reservation and inquire about the special occasion of my visit - in both instances acknowledging my request for a table with a view - the Maître D' promptly led us to the far corner of the dining hall, about as far away from the window as possible. While I appreciate that seating requests cannot always be honored, I could not help but feel disappointed at one of the most unfortunately located tables in the house, especially at a time of 25% reduced capacity.

Worse, however, was the seating arrangement. It is unclear to me why an establishment of renown would presume to seat a party of two directly next to one another instead of across. No, it was not Valentine's Day, and the restaurant knew I'd be dining with a senior family member because I had told them so twice (at their request, no less). It caused the Maître D' some embarrassment to admit no real alternative was available, and I was needlessly forced into being persistent to secure a different section of the corner wall. This, at least, offered an 'L' shaped arrangement such that my elderly mother didn't have to keep her head turned 90 degrees all evening to converse with me. I am reasonably certain the seating arrangement would have been the same had I been taking out a business partner or formal guest - a proposition I am now unlikely to pursue in the future.

Despite the minor improvement, seating remained awkward. The vintage table lamps are cabled and plugged into outlets on the floor, leading to unnecessary interference with tableware and guests' legs. The clumsy table experience was further exacerbated by booth seating so tight you had to move the entire table every time someone stands up or sits down. Again, at 25% indoor dining capacity, I would have expected to feel less cramped.

Dinner service was carried out by a round robin of waitstaff and bussers of which there were so many I lost track. This made the experience feel impersonal, confusing, and inefficient. Upon requesting a wine pairing in response to multiple inquiries about my drink order, I was repeatedly passed off to the sommelier, who either never arrived or failed to introduce himself as such. I'd like to believe he was never consulted, however, given I was initially offered the last bit of overly oxidized Chianti from a bottle that had clearly been open for too long. When I declined, the waiter was surprised to learn I was in fact having duck and not steak, as he had previously thought. What good is having a sommelier when a guest's dinner order is not properly communicated to them?

Although the food was good, the gaffes continued: A dense loaf of bread served as a starter was only cut once through the middle, leaving us with two large chunks our tiny butter knives were no match for. The irony of being adamantly reminded about a restaurant's formal dress code in advance of my arrival, only to then be forced to work through a fistful of bread with my bare hands for lack of proper silverware, was certainly not lost on me.

Far worse, however, was that we were not asked at any point during our evening whether we were enjoying our meal or needed anything else. While I share the waitstaffs faith in Chef Steelman, being Michelin starred does not absolve an establishment of its duty to uphold the most basic tenets of meal service. This was truly a faux pas and made me feel like a paying customer rather than a valued guest.

Overall, the food was good, but the persistent undertow of disappointment and frustration took away substantially from what could and should have been a more enjoyable experience. While I may or may not return at some point in the future, I am for now left with the impression that The River Café takes itself a little too seriously given the actual standard to which it (under)performs on its promise of a true fine dining experience.
This is second in a series retroacity reviews. What is a retroacity review you ask? It's restaurants that have held such an impact throughout the years that must receive a well-deserved review. We did visit not long ago, however the pictures are from a 2016 visit, since it provided the most memorable of experiences.

Sheer elegance and extravagant venue are what comes to mind from this fine establishment. Every time we come I'm still amazed by the beauty of the vistas. The water glistening off our cityscape makes me proud to be a lifetime New Yorker.

Refined etiquette is implemented by all staff from the coat room to the manager. The cuisine is always excellent, enhanced by the exquisite presentation. The River cafe experience never falters and is always excellent.

I implore myself to make a visit to the River Cafe at least once a year. My wife always thanks me for a wonderful time at such an amorous setting. It has continued to live up to its reputation as one of the most romantic restaurants NYC has to offer.
Rude arrogant staff , could've been better for the price, location and interior looks. Disappointed.
Fantastic view, delicious food and good service. Everything you want and need in a romantic outing for any occasion.

My wife and I wanted to celebrate our wedding anniversary somewhere special and, immediately, our very own borough's The River Cafe jumped to mind. Sure, there's plenty of romantic, beautiful, elegant, expensive restaurants in NYC to choose from, but it was somewhere we always wanted to dine at because of our familiarity with the restaurant ... and we practically passed by it every time while driving back into Brooklyn.

There are many great things about The River Cafe, but before even dining here, people who do want to come here will love that they offer reservations 1 year in advance, which is awesome and rare. What's not awesome though is that the area that the restaurant is located in is tight and street parking is not always available, however the restaurant does offer free valet parking.

We arrived for our 6pm reservation a bit earlier than we anticipated and were still seated immediately. If you do arrive early, I highly recommend taking advantage of the scenery and getting a few photos in before dining. At the time, the restaurant was relatively empty with the exception of a few parties being seated. When making our reservation, we had requested for a seat next to the window overlooking downtown Manhattan and we were glad to see that the restaurant obliged. The service throughout our meal was good, but a bit mistimed at moments as we were interrupted multiple times with questions while chewing our food. Nevertheless, it far from ruined our meal, but it was a bit awkward 2-3 times.

The menu was pre-fixe style (appetizer, entree and dessert) at a set price and a bit extra for the chef's tasting menu. We had no intentions of dining for 3-4 hours, so we decided on making pre-fixe selections. My wife ordered the Sea Scallop and Pork Belly, Lobster and Hot Souffle, while I went with the Octopus, Crescent Farms Duck and Chocolate Brooklyn Bridge.

First, we were greeted by a small Amuse-bouche, which was a nice touch to kick off our meals. Second, everything was delicious. We loved the food. Everything was as fresh as can be and well plated. The serving size for the duck was actually quite generous compared to everything else, but then again it might have been one of the less expensive options on the pre-fixe menu? In addition, we loved the extra touch the restaurant put on our desserts to wish us a happy anniversary, so do expect that if you mention you are coming here for an occasion.

Everything was close to perfect except for the mistimed visits from the waiters. The food was excellent and the view was everything we thought it would be. What did surprise us though was that the restaurant got very crowded (on a Sunday evening) and the noise level really picked up just before we left. The dim lighting helped in creating a romantic atmosphere, but the amount of noise took a little bit of that away, so if you're looking for that romantic meal it might be ideal to come here for an early dinner before the restaurant gets overly packed.
Five star all around...the location, the food, the service, the clientele, the atmosphere, the table settings, the flowers, the crockery, the cutlery, the pianist.... sublime.

Came here for my husband's 70th bday, and we received plenty of happy birthday greetings aswell as a chocolate mini dessert plate, after our lunch. What a lovely touch.

The views and location are phenomenal, it does not get better than this. For a special occasion this is the PLACE TO BE.

Every detail is met, even crystallised salt on top of the personalised chilled butter. My fois gras was divine, smooth as silk.  The herb crust on the main of duck was also wonderful.

A meal and memory to remember for ever.
WOW I am so impressed with this place ! I celebrated my birthday here with my family and I loved every minute of it ! From the outstanding service , to the attention to detail , the view , the ambiance and the food everything was top notch ! I mean could you expect any less from a fine dinning establishment !! Honestly I thought people only came here for the view but the food was amazing . From the moment we sat down to the moment we left we were catered to . We sat outdoors and there were heat lamps and space heaters . We also felt pretty safe . The food was a 3 course prefixe meal for $130 ( not including tax and tip ) which included appetizer , entree and dessert . I've included pictures of each dish . The plates were small but surprisingly very filling ! We left completely satisfied and raving about our experience . Yes this is a splurge type of place but if you've got a special occasion definitely give it a try ! It's so beautiful ! Also definitely make a reservation or else you will not be seated .
I booked a dinner reservation for Thursday night a week in advance. Upon arrival we were greeted and had  complimentary glasses of champagne due to having to wait almost in the rain (also I'm assuming for being newly engaged as I put in the reservation notes as well). It was POURING rain as thunderstorms were forecasted, but the way River Cafe was set up there was no problem having comfort for the patrons that went. It was STILL a packed house at 9 pm. Service was impeccable, attention to detail even though it was a packed house and there was a downpour, the waiters were attentive and had such a great attitude and friendly. My glass was never empty!
The prefix meal that my fiancé and I had tasted so freaking great: appetizer shrimp and dumplings, the main course fiancé had risotto and I had duck, and the dessert was a mix of deserts cake shaped to look like Brooklyn bridge, sherbet, etc. Most importantly: the view. The view is incredible and beautiful and made the experience that much better. Thank you River Cafe to end the day to being newly engaged and making it more special!
I love to come here to celebrate my Anniversary, service is outstanding from the beginning to end. The view is one of the most beautiful and romantics. Our food was delicious and perfectly presented. Love the signature Broolyn Bridge dessert, and they always take the time to congratulate us for our Anniversary.
Went here for my husband's birthday and had a lovely time. It's definitely old school Italian (jackets required, for example) and the views are amazing. You can't request window seating in advance but the host/hostess does his/her best to accommodate. We actually ended up with an even better seat than directly next to the window, so both of us would have the view when facing forward. Plus the table offered more privacy than the window ones.

I will say while the food was good, it didn't blow me away. You come here for the service, experience, the views and the bridge chocolate dessert! Worth visiting once as it's a bucket list entry.
Came here for dinner on Sunday night with a group of 5 to celebrate a birthday and had a great time! Our waiter was very lively and knowledgeable about the menu. We did the prefix menu so we could choose an appetizer, main entrée and dessert. I got the pear salad, strip steak and hot souffle. Everything was delicious! Others at the table got oysters, octopus, lamb, and fish. Everyone was happy with their choices. The Brooklyn Bridge cake was a popular choice for dessert - very creative display!

The dinner was definitely on the fancy/pricey side (men are required to wear jackets). The views are great and you feel like you are really on the water. The outside of the restaurant was really cute too. They had string lights all over a large patio garden. All of the staff was extremely friendly and welcoming without making the place feel too "stuffy". I would definitely recommend if you are looking to celebrate something and get dressed up.

The area around the restaurant in DUMBO is really nice to walk around as well.  It is directly under the Brooklyn Bridge!
This place is a fairytale! Absolutely amazing ambiance. From the music to the lights. If you are ever thinking of going, GO!! As for the food, it was also incredible. Everyone there was dressed up but there is no dress code (unless I missed it).
Perfect restaurant to spend our anniversary! We had an early reservation at 5:30pm and arrived just before our table was ready. We were greeted at the door of our car with valet service who opened our doors and held umbrellas over our heads to ensure we weren't drenched by the rain. Little things like that make the experience perfect from the get go.

We sat at the bar inside the restaurant and the bartender was very knowledgable about the menu. We wanted a bottle of champagne and he directed us to their Sommelier, who happened to be adorable. He not only knew the bottles well but he was excited about a couple of the choices. He pointed us in the direction of a bottle around $172, which was FANTASTIC. To be honest, I would have paid more for it because it couldn't have paired better with our dishes. Before the bottle was opened, our table was ready and it was right next to the window so we had a perfect view. We were able to see the Statue of Liberty, Brooklyn Bridge, and Manhattan. Perfect.

Our server, Flavio, was exceptional and kind. He asked if we were celebrating anything and we told him it was our anniversary to which he told us a bit about himself. I love when servers at high-end restaurants aren't snooty and remain personable and kind. He was wonderful and I hope to have him again as our server.

Food:
*Appetizers*

- Wild Shrimp: shrimp cooked to perfection and topped with crab, white asparagus, and a tasty sauce. I would order this again.

- Foie Gras: the best I've had thus far in NY. It was prepared two ways, which made it a fun dish to try with my spouse. Served with two pieces of toasted bread. I would order this again.

*Main Courses*

- Lobster: this is the dish I should've ordered but I got a few bites! It was cooked perfectly and served with some sort of lobster salad on the side, which was to die for! This is the main course to order.

- Black Sea Bass: this was my main course and I was very happy with it. I thought the stuffed asparagus was a nice addition and matched each bite of the sea bass. The 3 raviolis were phenomenal and I wish I could've had a few more.

*Dessert*

- Souffle: we both had the souflee, which was served with ice cream, and a piece of chocolate. Absolutely wonderful.

Thank you for making our anniversary memorable. We hope to visit again before we leave.
**Pre-COVID*** Came for my birthday dinner as a treat from the bf - definitely a special occasion kind of place. Honestly, what an experience. The location is outstanding: on the waterfront overlooking downtown Manhattan, with a cute little park in front that happened to be hosting a wedding when we walked by. The service from when you set foot in the hallway, to when you enter the dining area, to when you are seated and taken care of through your meal, to when you leave - *chef's kiss*. We were seated one table away from the window, which was a bummer but still got to enjoy the beautiful view unobstructed for an hour or so. The food we ordered was outstanding - some standouts include the steak and bone marrow mashed potatoes (soooooo delectable, so umami); the three shells appetizer (so many different options! All so fresh!); and the surprise chocolate cake dessert with happy birthday written on it at the end. What a romantic way to spend a birthday, and what a way to enjoy a Michelin-star eating experience. Would love to come back to try lunch here sometime in the future.
Never thought I'd be writing a statement this lofty or ridiculous, but here we are: Never in all my years of going to nice restaurants, Michelin starred or otherwise, have I felt so disrespected.

Let's get the good part over with first, since the list is short; the foie gras duet was excellent, and enough for two. The view, if you are lucky enough to get window seats, is also excellent.

All the other dishes were sloppily executed; the duck was overcooked, the mushroom wellington underseasoned, and the dessert chestnut soufflé -- on boy, texture of vomit. I could barely eat two spoonfuls. If you are going to put a soufflé on your menu, Get. It. Right.

The most infuriating part of the whole experience is how quickly the waitstaff profiles guests. From the moment we stepped into the restaurant -- to celebrate our anniversary, no less -- we were treated as second class citizens because of how we looked; and don't get me wrong, we were dressed appropriately for the restaurant. The hostess didn't even bother with niceties (such as a simple smile) and had us wait unnecessarily at the bar for ~15 minutes even though we were on time for our reservation; we were seated at the back of the restaurant and if you looked around, everyone else in that section were Asian -- coincidence? The universe is rarely so lazy. Service was slow and haphazard, and it showed right down to the execution of the food.

But the crowning moment of all of this was when our server brought over our bill, looked at it, then sheepishly told us that she will take off the gratuity line they had sneakily included because they thought we were tourists. EXCUSE ME?! As a $$$$ establishment, you either go TIP FREE or you treat all your guests the same and allow them to make their own decisions; you DO NOT arbitrarily decide who looks like a tourist and who does not.

For shame, River Café.
Celebrated my mother's birthday here. Service was excellent and we felt very well taken care of.

Wagyu steak tartare: absolutely delicious; would recommend 100%. I was a bit iffy trying raw beef but I'm glad I did!

Mushroom Wellington: it was good, but I don't really think it's worth the price just for mushrooms and what's ultimately a bread coating outside. I would recommend the lobster instead.

Brooklyn bridge cake: beautiful and the cake was delicious! However, I wish the chocolate they used for the bridge was milk instead of dark.

Overall, the experience was great and the restaurant itself looked amazing. The only thing I wasn't happy about was being charged $20 for 2 bottles of water. Also, the cobblestone in the driveway made it hard to walk in heels.
One of my fav restaurant in NYC, and I especially like the romantic restaurant which is decorated by flowers lol, also the dessert "Brooklyn Bridge" is definitely my fav one! hope the indoors dinning can open soon!!! Missing those cute restaurants so much!!!
This experience and food was on another level. This was actually the first Michelin star restaurant I've ever tried and I can see why it has one. I have tried almost every top restaurant in Atlanta (no Michelin stars in that city) and several New York restaurants. But this food just blew away everything else. New York is truly a foodie's dream. Everything in this city is delicious, and a Michelin restaurant in NYC has the highest expectations.

There were a few things that made this experience maybe more of a 4.25 or 4.5, but I have rounded up. What makes this restaurant is the incredible view, especially at night. We were seated not by the window, but next to a table by the window. Luckily, between guests at that table, we got some great shots of the incredible city and Brooklyn Bridge view.

FOOD:
There is a 3-course fixed price dinner (I believe there is a 6-course but this was already a lot of food!). You pick one from each category of appetizer, entree, and dessert. It also starts with an amuse bouche. It costs about $145 per person, so for 2 people, it was about $400 in total after tip, tax, and drinks. Insanely pricey but you are paying for the view/experience as well.

- Appetizer of Wagyu Steak Tartare: This was INCREDIBLE. The best part of dinner. I have always wanted to try steak tartare, but I have been scared. Raw beef is kind of intimidating. But what better place to try it than at a restaurant like this? It's hand-cut Kobe style beef with quail egg, cognac gelee, traditional garnish, and toast points. There's also the quail egg shell with salt in it to sprinkle. The server asks if you want them to mix it for you or if you want to do it yourself. It tasted so rich and buttery and almost like it had mayo in it, but it doesn't. The flavor of the steak is incredible and the acidity and saltiness of the toppings mix in so well with it. Bf got the scallop and pork belly appetizer and said it was good.

-Entree: I got the American Red Snapper. It came with a delicious brown butter lobster sauce that they poured on for me. There were also vegetables that were amazing with the sauce. The fish itself was well-seasoned with crispy skin. I don't like fish skin, but this tasted incredible and I ate every last bit of this dish. There was no element on this dish that was an afterthought. Everything was delicious on its own. Bf got the Niman Ranch Strip Steak medium-well, which I'm pretty sure you are not supposed to do at a high-end restaurant haha. So it was not super juicy but it was very flavorful. It came with the potato in the bone marrow and wow, that was unreal. Definitely the winner of the dish.

-Dessert: Obviously I had to get the Brooklyn Bridge chocolate dessert. It was very picture-worthy. I also love the little complimentary treats with dessert. They were all perfect. We were also asked if we wanted coffee and we assumed it was complimentary, but it was $7 for a small cup. That's very overpriced, but hey, if you're already spending $400, $7 is almost nothing added on top of it.

ENVIRONMENT:
The walkway to this restaurant is stunning. You walk in and they take your coat. I brought mine in with me, but keep in mind that you cannot hang it on the back of your seat. Definitely dress up for this place. Everyone was super formal and I felt a bit out of place. Suit jackets for the men and at least cocktail evening wear for the ladies. I wore a long sleeve dark-burgundy fitted dress with heeled ankle boots and I definitely felt like I should have worn a nicer-material dress and some heels. I was out all day though and we came straight here, so it was the best I could do in a pinch.

-There was an intimidating man who took our orders and I felt like he may have looked down on us for being so young. However, the rest of the servers were so amazing and accommodating. They brought me a small chair to keep my purse and a bag of shoes on. They also sweep away the crumbs on the table. Water was filled often. I really felt like the service was top notch.

-However, it was a slightly snobby atmosphere. I felt really embarrassed that I didn't have the best etiquette. Also the table next to us had two men who talked trash about everyone else in the restaurant. They were looking down on those who didn't wear a tie with their suit jacket and commenting on other people's etiquette/behavior and outfits. They definitely spoke like they come from a lot of money. Keep in mind that the tables are close together so you can likely hear conversations from other tables. I didn't mind the atmosphere as much later in, because I just focused on my food and experience!

-OVERALL, great experience, food, and view. Just don't let other people there taint your experience. Highly recommend if you have the $ to drop for this. It was very memorable.
Omg..  amazing would be an understatement.  Service was fantastic, food
Impeccable.  Beautiful location.  We opted for
The chef inspired offering..  oh my - yummy!  Definitely a splurge to eat at this establishment, but definitely with it!
Great place for a special occasion. From the moment you walk in, the service is 5 stars. The dining room is beautiful (view is a plus), the live piano takes the experience to a different level. I like how you choose appetizer and main course at once and they take care of the timing. Our dinner began with a complimentary amuse bouche (something with smoked trout...), which was beautifully plated. Then they brought out the bread selection (yum!) - I chose the fig and walnut and my husband chose the dinner roll, both very good and the butter was delicious at well.
For appetizers: gnudi with truffles - great winter  dish, having the truffles shaved in front of you is always fun.
Scallop with pork belly - you barely needed to chew any of those. Everything was so fresh and perfectly cooked.
We were very excited for the main course: steak with duchess potatoes - the steak was HUGE. Trust me, I can eat. It was an incredible piece of meat. The bone marrow potatoes were actually served inside a bone - great presentation. My husband went with the lamb, which melted in your mouth and was at a perfect temperature. We were both very satisfied with our choices.
Dessert: goat cheesecake - the guava sorbet was amazing. I loved how light the cheesecake was.
The second dessert was soufflé. OMG! I had not had soufflé in years, and this one was so good! It was a relatively "simple" flavor, with white chocolate, but it was so perfect. The pineapple ice cream added a fresh touch to it.
They also have great espresso. I also did not mind the extra sweets they brought out with coffee. Overall a great experience! Perfect spot for a romantic evening
The River Café is a beautiful Brooklyn restaurant that sits right next to the water. It encompasses a nearby garden complete with cobblestone roads, and someone has taken care to tend the flowers and add fairy lights to the trees. The restaurant itself will remind you of a ship, and it has a very old-timey feel to it. The restaurant is beautiful during the daytime and nighttime. Guests are dressed really nicely; my date and I wore formal attire, and we saw a couple get turned away because they have a jacket policy. It's pretty unfortunate that this restaurant is named The River Café because it doesn't bring up any feelings of elegance or glamour that the restaurant itself possess.

My friend and I showed up an hour before our reservation because we wanted to take pictures before it got dark. I was wearing heels, and if you're not someone who is an expert in them, I would probably recommend wearing a shorter pair or cute sandals instead. I almost tripped numerous times on the cobblestone paths. Service is great here. But what would you expect? If you're paying nearly $150 per person, great service is the least that you would expect.

I'm not too familiar with the history of The River Café or how highly esteemed it is in the food industry, but some of the other reviewers here have enlightened me. My friend ordered the rabbit appetizer and seabass entree. I ordered the wagyu beef tartare and steak entree. The rabbit is probably the best appetizer I've ever had. I could eat 100 of the 21-layer rabbit lasagnas. The beef tartare was also delicious and intricately prepared. I personally don't really like steak so I'm not sure why I ordered it, but lucky for me, my friend prefers steak. We ended up switching entrees. The seabass was amazing. The skin was fried and crispy. The meat was delicate, buttery, and flavorful. The sauce they used was delicious in combination with the fish. We also ordered the soufflé and cheesecake for dessert.

The experience here was one that I cherish and appreciate. It's a gorgeous restaurant, and the servers are kind and fast. However, the food isn't amazing. It's good, but it doesn't make you want to come back for anything specifically. It's a really romantic restaurant, and you can see the incredibly New York skyline from the inside.
I couldn't ask for a more beautiful view!!!

The ambiance, decor and view is insane and overlooking the Brooklyn bridge. This place is $$$$ but definitely worth the experience. They first took our drink orders and then we ordered food. What we didn't know is that we 1) each get our own appetizers 2) appetizer, entree and dessert was a set price (definitely fine just weren't aware pre visit and is helpful for others to know). First a women with a bread platter came by and asked which bread we would like. Then our appetizers came and I had the steak tartare which was really good and had a pleasant presentation. For my entree, I ordered the chicken which was good - but not great so that is the real reason I am giving this place a four. Lastly, I ordered the chocolate moose cake that was flavorful as well.

There was a pianist that added to the already perfect ambiance. I will be back, even if it it just for a drink at the cute little bar!

Excellent service too, but expected as we are spending quite a bit.
The setting is magical, the view of the city incredible, but the restaurant is the star. Food menu offers unusual options to suit every taste. The special skate first course was wonderful, as was the foi gras and the octopus. Duck entree was amazing as was the lobster. Lots of interesting combinations of delicate flavors. Service is really 5 star, from entry to exit. We were there on two chilly evenings but I can imagine that the garden in summer really sets a delightful mood. Ate here twice in one week with no disappointments.
This place has old school class.  They require a dinner coat as after 4 pm it is formal attire only.  It is a three-course prefixed menu with lots of variety per course.  My wife had the steak tartare while I had the rabbit. Both were delicious appetizers. Then I had the strip steak and my wife had the Lamb which were both perfectly cooked.  If you were looking for a great view of the Manhattan skyline along with the Brooklyn Bridge, this is your place.
After taking a mid-day walk from lower Manhattan across the Brooklyn Bridge we found this wonder! Beautiful views surrounded by lovely gardens! The food was smaller portions but excelled! The service was impeccable. I'll like to try it for dinner however I'm more of a casual diner. The desserts were to die for! The carrot margarita was perfect! The fois gras was also superb! You should not skip this experience!!!

Food was delicious but service was a huge downer. 2 things.

First, we had reservations at 6pm--fairly early to get a glimpse of the view while we eat our meal. The place was basically empty but the maitre d' sat us at the booth in the back where the sun glare was so strong. During the whole meal, a lot of window seats were empty.

Second, it's so disappointing to see that a Michelin star restaurant has servers who never smiles. I came with my boyfriend to celebrate our anniversary and I politely asked the server to take a photo for us. No response but a sigh as if we asked something so difficult. He didn't even bother checking up on us throughout our entire meal. We literally waited 20 min each for the entree and dessert to come out. Spent nearly 500 for a mediocre service with no view. I wouldn't come back here.
This restaurant has been on my bucket list for a while, and I'm so glad to have experienced it. Brought my family while they were visiting, and we were all so impressed, both by the restaurant and the gorgeous backdrop of the Manhattan skyline that you can see from every seat in the dining room.

The menu is all prix fixe, and we opted for the 3-course. Loved every single dish, and I don't think you can go wrong.

The vibe is pretty quiet/reserved, so just keep that in mind. Dress code is elegant, and you will stick out if you are under-dressed!
Too expensive to walk in so I took some nice pictures outside. This would be a cute wedding venue. It is such a pretty area to walk around. Maybe take a special someone here for an important dinner if you want to spend a lot of money
Some things in life are worth dressing up for, and a visit to the illustrious River Cafe is one of them.  Known around the world as a culinary destination, it's the most enchanted landmark eatery in the City and nestled under the Brooklyn Bridge.  Offering gorgeous views of Manhattan, the setting is boundlessly romantic.  However, they don't rest on their looks alone.

A prestigious roster of chef alums includes Charlie Palmer (Aureole, Crimson & Rye), David Burke (David Burke Kitchen) and Rick Moonen (RM, Oceana); ingredients have always been the finest available, and the kitchen team inherently understands what goes with what.  Succulent pork belly with scallops was a favorite until i discovered the glistening duck breast with sweet potato spatzle.

This restaurant may possibly be my all-time favorite. The words iconic and epic fall short in describing the experience.  If you've never been, make it a bucket list item!
Wow, just wow. This restaurant is everything I could have asked for. Great attention, accommodations, and the food was just spectacular. Every item brought out had a clear level of culinary thought that brought out distinct flavors. Though it is quite expensive, the most expensive meal I have ever had in New York thus far, I can honestly say it has been the best dining experience I have ever had. We ordered the scallops and pork belly as well as the roasted rabbit with lasagna appetizers. I ordered the steak and my date ordered the lamb. We both asked for the brooklyn bridge chocolate cake for dessert. Everything from start to finish was phenomenal. I honestly probably wouldn't order the roasted rabbit appetizer again, but otherwise I would order everything exactly the same. I would love to return some day.
Having lived in New York for over 3 decades, I used to carry around my Zagat (before there was Yelp) around New York looking for the best restaurants to dine at. The River Cafe was always on my list but I never got around to it. Life just got busy after moving to Jersey. As my husband and I celebrate our 25th, we thought it be wonderful to finally have the chance to dine at one of the most iconic and romantic restaurants in NYC with spectacular views overlooking the Brooklyn Bridge.

We made reservations for 5:30pm. It's best to arrive a little early, you can either sit at the bar or take a few photos outside the beautiful garden. Valet is complementary when dining here.

The restaurant was adorned with stunning holiday decor. Some tables had bouquets of beautiful roses. The restaurant is dimmed so picture taking is a bit tricky. A tiny cushioned ottoman is placed next to the table so women can place their purses.

We ordered from the prix-fixed dinner menu. Here is what we decided on:

Appetizers:
- Complimentary Amuse Bouche
- Sea Scallop & Pork Belly
- Wagyu Steak Tartare w/Quail Egg

Entrees:
- Lobster w/Corn Tamale
- Spice Crusted Duck Breast

Desserts:
- Chocolate Brooklyn Bridge
- Semifreddo
- Complimentary array of chocolates & macaron

We ordered a Tom Collins and a White Russian along with a bottle of sparkling water. Never once did we had to refill our water glasses, it was like there was someone standing behind me the whole time and they knew when to. The drinks were delicious and PERFECT!

It was such a delightful surprise to be served a small plate of Amuse Bouche before the apps came. We loved it and it made us excited for what was to come. When my husband's Wagyu Steak Tartare came, the server mixed all the ingredients on the plate together along with a quail egg. A side plate of toast points is served along with the tartare. It was absolutely delicious. Don't be afraid to get this dish. At the end of our meal, they presented our desserts with a Happy Anniversary sign on a piece of chocolate. Dare I say this? The dessert was my favorite part of the meal and I'm not even a huge dessert person. The Semifreddo (I'm still dreaming about it) was incredible. I didn't even want to give my husband a taste because that would mean less for me. The Semifreddo is a delicate yogurt served along with fresh pomegranate sorbet with roasted pistachio and sesame halvah. Heaven!!

This is a Michelin starred restaurant that has won numerous awards. The price you pay matches the level of meticulous and impeccable service you will receive here. The staff here is at the top of their game, probably the best we've ever experienced.

Thank you River Cafe for making our 25th memorable.
After our amazing dinner at a nearby steakhouse, my sister and I agreed to burn off the influx of calories into our system by walking on the Brooklyn Bridge. Alas, it started pouring and we had no choice but to think of an alternative.

My sister went online and found The River Cafe. She suggested having a post-dinner drink while savoring the view of the Brooklyn Bridge and East River.

Parking was by valet service only. The valet asked us if we had a dinner reservation and we said no. He told us to go up to the hostess and check if we could still be accommodated.

The lobby was tastefully and colorfully festooned with fragrant and fresh flowers and plants. There was a sign on the door leading to the dining room that advised men to wear a dinner jacket. Luckily, we were dressed nicely since we were celebrating my sister's birthday that day.

We told the hostess that we were there for drinks only and she found us a cozy corner table next to the piano and across from the bar. We had a picturesque view of the Brooklyn Bridge and East River. We also got to enjoy our drinks while listening to soothing piano music. The dining area was on the other side of the room. Drinks were not cheap but we both enjoyed our beverages. The maitre d' and all the servers were polite and accommodating. We were given the same amount of attention as the regular dinner patrons.

Overall, our visit to the River Cafe was a superb capper to a magical night in Brooklyn.
I loved it!!!! I went here on a Saturday at 2pm to have a fancy lunch. I made the reservation online and I received a call from a staff member 2 days before to confirm the reservation. I knew there was a dress code so I looked it up on their website to get an idea of what is acceptable. Their website stated "Semi-casual," hm, does this sound helpful to you? It didn't for me so when she called me, I asked her specifically, can guys wear shorts? She said, "no, no shorts at all." I relayed this message to my bf and he showed up in long black pants. Needless to say, it was a hot day. We arrived a little early than 2pm and was greeted by the hostess. She told us to sit by the bar until our table was ready. I sat there, looked around, and what do I see? Gentlemen with shorts!! This is the only reason why I docked a star.

Drinks are super pricey here ($17+).

We were seated by the window (yay)! I had the sea scallop and pork belly as the appetizer and the niman steak as the main. Both were delicious and the portion for the main was actually more than I had imagined. We were also given complimentary treats and really appreciated that. I had noted that this lunch was to celebrate my birthday. After the main course, we were given a dessert menu and I ordered the "Brooklyn Bridge." It came nicely presented and had a "Happy Birthday" chocolate on it. Nice touch! The service was impeccable. No snobby attitude or rude behavior. I thought we would be ignored but they were actually very attentive to us.

It is pricey but the lunch is worth it. I'd recommend coming here to celebrate a special occasion.
This place is fantastic. I decided to make reservations for breakfast here and immediately fell in love with the location. The views are incredible! The food was no let down either. I ordered the chocolate hazelnut pancakes with bacon and a side of hash brown. I also ordered a Bellini to wash it all down. While the prices were a little steep; the service was exceptional and the food was amazing, couple that together with the fabulous views and you have got yourself an amazing experience. I can't even imagine how much more magical it is at night. Definitely a must see.
A beautiful venue but the management is really disappointing. My friend was ATTACKED by their pet cat. It has a collar and it's owned by the restaurant.

His legs had scratches and his pants were completely ruined. The tailor said there's no way to repair. When this matter was addressed to the management they didn't do anything about it and frankly acted like nothing happened. What a shame. This is a friend who paid for a wedding at this venue, you'd think they could simply apologize and fix the problem.

The main point to this review is to warn everyone of their poor customer service. Your not valued by this restaurant, if anything, taken advantage of.

Super sad to have not found a resolution with this restaurant.
I came here for one of my birthday meals while my family was in town and I was looking for a place that would have nice views for them.  We also generally tend to stay in manhattan so I thought it would be nice to take them to Brooklyn, though this is obviously just over the bridge.

Since I didn't pay for this meal, the cost factor didn't really impact me, but I will say that I don't think this is the best value prix fixe menu option out there.  It's quite pricey for only 3 dishes, I think it ends up being about $46 per dish and one of those is dessert.

That aside, I was also annoyed that you have to be a regular to get a table by the window, though the restaurant isn't that big so you can see out the windows from probably the entire reastuarant.  Our party of 5 apparently couldn't fit by the window anyways, but it's still annoying.  I probably wouldn't come back here to eat on my own so looks like I won't be sitting by the window anytime soon.

Those things aside, the service was very good and attentive throughout the evening and the food was very tasty, with some highlights and some items I thought could be better.

The foie gras was good, but I much preferred the mousse in the jar to the terrine which had a weird film like outer layer that I did not care for.

The lobster was tasty but I did not like the flavor profile of the corn tamale, I just don't think it goes that well with lobster and it lowered the dish in my book.

For dessert since it was my birthday I upgraded to the tawny tasting since I love tawny and it came with 3 different bites to complement each wine.

My fiancé got the classic Brooklyn bridge dessert, which was adorable and he enjoyed it especially since it was gluten free!

Like I said, since I wasn't paying it's probably 4-4.5 stars for me, but if I were paying I just don't think the value is there compared to other restaurants in this price point.  We'll see if I come back in the future.
If I could leave less than a one star review I would. My partner made a reservation for us to celebrate our engagement here. On our way to the restaurant we got caught in the rain so we dropped our blazers off and called the restaurant to make sure that it would be fine for us to dine without our jackets. The woman on the phone assured us it would be fine.

Upon arriving at the restaurant we were treated with more disrespect than I have ever felt from any restaurant. Ever. The doorman didn't greet us, he just asked us if we had a reservation. He didn't even open the door.

When we entered, (the empty cafe) the hostess would not seat us because we were wet. We informed her we had called ahead and were told it would fine, but she didn't even go speak to someone else. She simply made us leave.

The deep unkindness with which we were met speaks volumes about this establishment. No number of Michelin stars, no food, no matter how delicious, is worth the disrespect we felt upon stepping foot in the river cafe. Save your money. Eat elsewhere.
