Walking around Brookly around lunchtime is a great way to spend a Sunday. Stumbling upon Two 8 Two made it even better.

They had some nice tables set up in front to expand their offerings for COVID, but we ate in the backyard. The service was a little slow and disjointed but was still friendly.

I would normally order a beer with my lunch, but their cocktail menu was too inviting. I had the Oaxacan Old Fashioned (Mezcal, Grand Marnier, and Chocolate Bitters). It was REALLY good!

Onto my burger - I had the Breakfast Burger. It was a 5 ounce, fresh ground, burger with a fried egg, cheddar cheese, bacon, and their house sauce. The burger was cooked perfectly and super juicy. The fried egg was a little overcooked but still did have a little "run" left to it. Altogether an excellent burger and I appreciated the smaller size. Burgers have become too huge and Two 8 Two's made getting out and walking afterward a breeze. No burger bloat.

If you find yourself hungry on Atlantic Avenue do yourself a favor and enjoy Two8Two!
Our good burger buds at 282 have been around for a while. I discovered this by checking my draft reviews for them! I am looking forward to taking a nice walk up here again once we're out of Covid quarantine.

Why? The times we've been there they've had consistently good service combined with their shake shack like burgers (in a good way). Yes, you have to pay extra for fries but they're delicious, so ultimately it's worth it. They are thicker than McD fries and come with some skin on the tips. Eat them while they're hot for maximum crispiness.

The backyard with picnic tables is perfect for a late spring day (especially with the kiddos) and inside is cozy as a backup.

We got takeout through doordash the other night from here for dinner, and it hit the spot! Even though the food took awhile to get to us, it was still warm because it was wrapped in aluminum foil inside the takeout containers. The burgers, I got the two8two burger and my friend got another one, were juicy and delicious! The poblano peppers weren't spicy but added good flavor to the burger, and the caramelized onions I asked for added a nice sweetness too. Definitely a solid spot for burgers! The onion rings were good too, homemade as well, though these suffered a bit more due to the long transit time. (No fault of the restaurant, of course.) A spot I'd be sure to order from again when in the mood for a burger, and will put on my list to stop by when things open up again!
Had the 282 burger. A bit pricey, considering the burgers don't come with fries but it's so worth it. They're not big burgers but they are filling! More importantly, they're delicious. It's been a while since I've been there but maybe there's a 282 sauce on them? I'm trying to remember the details but in my mind's eye there's just a close-up of me biting into that succulent little ball of future cardiovascular disease as angels sing in the background.

Get the burger. Get a beer. Tip the workers.

Set aside some alone time to eat this baby so no one interrupts the magic.
I came here on a fluke, my coworkers and I were on our way out of town. We came to New York for business. We were hungry and no where to park. So we pulled to the side of the road r
to check Yelp for places to eat. I saw the bar and decided to pop in for food because we were hungry. So 2 of us stayed in the car while I ordered togo.
I ordered the turkey burger (which was the best burger I've had in my life). One of my coworkers had the regular burger with grilled onions (she was making groining sounds while eating). I'd say she was satisfied. And the other had tuna melt. We all sat in the car (parked illegally) and ate our food. I wished I ordered another to go. That was 1 year ago, I still think about that burger. Awesome Guys!
While the burgers here were definitely solid, everything else we had was not. The Two8two burger was tasty but a bit small. The drinks were a little dissapointing for the price, and the fries... The fries were an insult to Potato-kind.

They were somehow less cooked than an actual raw potato. By the time they came to our table, they were colder than Russia in the winter, and were blander than an Imagine Dragons concert in the spring.
If shake shack is a flying plane, 282
For like an average price of maybe $2 more, u get a burg that's leagues above. Extraordinary every time, have tried all the (meat) burgers on the menu. The one with poblanos--f* yea. Or the billy burger? Yum yum. Just order here and don't forget to add fries because they're good.
It has been two years after returning to Brooklyn, and I was delighted to see that 282 was still around. The lamb burger and feta cheese fries were as scrumptious as it was 2 years ago. It continues to be my favorite burger joint.
I was in the mood for a burger, but nowhere I had tried before would hit the spot. I found two8two, saw their menu, and figured they were worth a shot- and I was completely correct. The two8two burger is one of the absolute best I've had in my life. It was cooked well, topped well with extras, and wrapping it in foil kept in warm on the walk home (which I cannot say about most places I pick up from!). I was hesitant to get onion rings, as most of the time there too soggy or broken when getting take out, but they were packaged well and tasted amazing! The right level of crispness you expect from onion rings. Topping it all of with their Manhattan, it was a divine meal. I will undoubtedly be treating myself to this place more often!
Today, my girlfriend asked me those four magical words that every romantic dreams of: "wanna get burgers today?" Yes I did, and, after consulting my Yelp bookmarks, we picked two 8 two Burgers on Atlantic St.

Sitting at the bar, we ordered a couple of Sunday happy hour elderflower cocktails. We looked over the menu while sipping the sweet beverages. Burgers are great, but hello, what's this about a blackened chicken sandwich? One of those, a two 8 two burger, and an order of chili cheese fries. The food came out all at once, at which time I ordered a New York Sour signature cocktail.

The two 8 two burger includes poblano peppers, which is as close to a green chile cheeseburger as I've seen this side of the Mississippi. Great flavor, not spicy, the beef patty tasted delicious and was cooked medium rare, as we ordered.

The chicken sandwich was also a home run. I loved the flavor of the spices on the chicken--the cayenne came through particularly well. This is an awesome choice for those seeking relief from red meat. (Vegans/vegetarians would be better off inquiring about the Beyond meatless patties.)

The chili cheese fries, unfortunately, were lacking. I applaud the choice to use real cheddar, but unfortunately it all congealed into a hard top layer that made the fries difficult to access. Perhaps Velveeta or nacho cheese queso would work better.
One word defines Two 8 Two Bar & Burger: remarkable. The staff is pleasant and the place itself is adorable. Two 8 Two Bar & Burger is one of these places where all the menu items look wonderful, I had Greek Salad and it was amazing. The team was very courteous and service is excellent. Overall, I love Two 8 Two Bar & Burger.
Ordered the Billy... and it may have been the best burger I've ever had. Why? Because the patty alone - can be just that - alone.
Buttery and flavorful. The caramelized red onions and the sauce are extra delicious treats as well.
TLDR: French fries 1/5. Burger 5/5 Avg 3/5.

The French fries were mediocre. I had the chili cheese fries and the cheddar tasted like it was just reheated and plastic. I had the 50/50 burger and that was actually pretty good. i wdl come back for the burger.
Came here with a friend on a rainy Friday evening before COVID had us all sheltered at home. We were in the mood for some good burgers, beer, and fries, and Yelp led us here.

We arrived just in time for happy hour and got our orders in -- the beer selection was your usual 6-10 on tap, with bottles. We both went with IPAs upon the suggestion of the bartender. Because our priority was fries, we ordered those first -- sweet potatoe for her, and regular for me (the loaded Greek ones held no temptation for me; I had a sole focus, and that was to get deep fried potato chunks). We were also starving so we went with some burgers: the Pub Burger and the Half and Half burger.

The highlight was definitely the burger -- they really hit the spot and were cooked to perfection (medium/medium-rare) despite them not asking us ahead of time our preference, which was fine by me. They were extremely flavourful, juicy, and generously portioned. The burgers definitely had us immediately bookmarking this spot for the future. However, the fries did not taste as good as they looked on pictures -- they were very run of the mill, nothing special. Moreover, the bartender was a bit hands-off despite it not being a very busy night.

We'd definitely come back for the burgers, but service is a bit slow, so be warned.
I always pass by this restaurant and I've finally decided to come check it out! Currently the patio is open and there are tables on the sidewalk in front. I came with my bf around 6:30/7 and we were able to be seated right away. I  ordered the double cheeseburger, he ordered the half and half and we shared an order of Greek fries. The double cheeseburger is HUGE! Each patty is roughly  an inch thick. It was definitely challenging trying to get the bun and both patties for a bite. The overall taste was fantastic. It had the perfect amount of salt and the fat ratio was great. I really enjoyed the double cheeseburger. I also got to try my bf's order. The burger itself was also delicious, but I think the poblano peppers really made it. The Greek fries were a nice addition to our meal. There are huge chunks of feta sprinkled on top. I'm not sure if the fries are double fried, but they were crispy and so so good. I will definitely be back to try some of the other burgers on the menu!
Two8two is one of our regular spots. We've been coming ever since we moved to the neighborhood a couple of years ago, at least 1x/month.
With covid, we've been getting delivery. They're always prompt, the wait is never too long, and the food arrives hot. They wrap their burgers in foil so they stay warm!

They have a small back patio open and 3-4 streetside tables available right now for outdoor dining. Hopefully they can add heatlamps and continue!

My only less-favorable thing is the fries. This seems to be pretty consistent in the recent reviews on Yelp. They're thin and taste like frozen fries (a bit bland, not potatoey). I wish they did fresh ones, you can really taste the difference. I would be more willing to pay the extra few bucks for better fries. Their sweet potato fries are good!
Located at '282' Atlantic Avenue (somebody is a clever wordsmith), Two 8 Two Bar & Burger serves up high quality burgers and a solid selection of draft beer in a family-friendly neighborhood style pub.  Service is incredibly attentive, warm, AND down-to-earth - which makes this spot deserving of repeat business.

The menu is pretty straight forward.  Order your choice of burger and a side, a drink or two, and sit back and relax.  We thought it was pretty cool that they offer a dedicated hot dog menu (classic, garden, bacon cheddar, chili cheddar, and two8two dog).  But, we chickened out and went with two Pub Burgers and a side of fries.  The patties were tasty, well-seasoned, and cooked to perfection!  Our only gripe was the two8two sauce.  There was simply too much of it and the flavor overpowered the dish.  It was good, but balance would have been appreciated.

Also, this place offers outdoor seating in the back.  You should definitely take advantage of this while you still can!
*This review is for take out:
We decided to try this neighborhood spot on a Sunday night. We ordered through Caviar and it was ready in about 15 minutes, which we really appreciated. Everything came in very nice packaging and put carefully in the bag. Our order consisted of onion rings, sweet potato fries, chili cheese fries, two8two dog, Billy burger and Pub burger.
The sweet potato fries were a bit soggy, which I will blame on the time it took to bring them home. Some still had a crunch and were very good. The chili cheese fries were amazing! I am usually not a fan but ended up eating most of my husband's side order... the onion rings were very crunchy and light, one of the best I have ever had!
The Billy burger and the Pub were very similar since we added bacon and pickles to the Billy, with the Pub being a larger version. The brioche buns were toasted in butter so they didn't fall apart, which I loved. The meat was also very high quality, as well as the bacon. Great burgers. I didn't try the hot dog, but it was huge! It had a lot of toppings but my husband said it was not overwhelming. He particularly liked the whole strip of poblano pepper.
I think all items could have used a bit more salt, which is a bit about my personal taste. However, the burger could have had its great flavor enhanced by some extra salt.
Will definitely order from this place again in the future
Very solid place for a burger and a beer. Been here a few times and never disappointed. I particularly like their use of poblano peppers with their signature burger, great flavor. Was walking by a few days ago with my girlfriend and noticed that they were also selling to-go spicy margaritas, so we picked a couple up on our way home. Very good decision. Made with fresh lime juice, they weren't too sweet and had a nice kick.
This place is under the radar and is never listed among the best burgers on the Foodie sites. The burgers are delicious. The most popular is the pub burger which comes with cheddar, bacon, grilled onions and special sauce. The meat is locally sourced from a popular butcher. The only con for the burger was that it was slightly too greasy. The hot dogs are also very good. They are a foot long and good fot sharing. The bun is toasted with butter which is a nice touch. Two8Two is worth a visit if you are Hamburger conisseur.
This isn't a super fancy place and the decor leaves a lot to be desired, but you really come here for the burgers. They're simple, but delicious and cooked perfectly to order. The Pub burger seemed intimidating on the menu, so I ordered the Two8Two burger with bacon. It's essentially the same thing, except that it has peppers and is smaller in size. I regretted not getting the Pub burger because I still wanted more and the burger was damn good. The patty was juicy and the burger itself didn't feel heavy in the stomach. I was also surprised to find that fries don't automatically come with the burger. Major sad face. But if you do order fries, it's a nice portion. The Greek fries sound better than they actually are. The cheese and herbs just seemed to be haphazardly thrown onto the fries. All in all, worth a visit, but don't expect too much.
Looking for an amazing burger in a chill environment in the Downtown Brooklyn neighborhood? ... Look no further!

Food - (5/5)
The burgers are top notch. Patties are delivered fresh daily from the local butcher shop, Paisano's. I frequent this butcher shop weekly and can vouch for their amazing quality beef. You can really taste it in the burger. I tried to breakfast burger which had perfectly crispy bacon but my egg was cooked a bit too much. That's on me for not specifying my preference. The Half & Half burger is solid too. You can't go wrong with any of the burgers honestly. The hot dogs are foot long which justifies the $10 price tag. Didn't try them, but th bartender devoured one and said it's his favorite thing there.

Ambiance - (5/5)
Chill and casual. Went here on a Sunday night with friends and we sat at the bar. Great service and two small TV playing NBA games. The bartender made some delicious old fashioned as well.

Location - (4.5/5)
Convenient location right on Atlantic so a close walk for any of the Downtown Brooklyn neighborhoods. Coming from Park Slope might be a hike but it's well worth it.

Value - (5/5)
Exceptional food and service at a fair price. Burgers range from $10-13 and don't come with any sides. The sweet potato fries are a great addition if you're looking for something to compliment the burger.
I would never return to this place. The food here is beyond bland. Nothing interesting here at all. For the price I paid and the good reviews they have I expected wayyy more. The burger had absolutely no flavor. On top of the bad food the service was subpar at best. My food came out wrong and the wait was so although it was not busy at all. One of the few times Yelpers have let me down. Will definitely not be returning.
Small Spot , Burger was really good. Came across it on my work travels. Definitely would come back. I honestly expected more of a selection of burgers, just going by the name. Price was a little too high in my opinion, but it's expected being its nyc.
I wasn't blown away. Burgees spots are so competitive in Brooklyn that every burger spot you try it's always expected to be better than the last.
I had the veggie burgers with grilled onions and onion rings . The onion rings were very good. My burger was just ok. I know it's veggie but that doesn't mean bland and tasteless. I felt like it was missing something.
I also thought they were pricey as well. $70 for 3 burgers and a kids meal with chicken tenders.
I'll have the onion rings again for sure but I'll pass on the burger.
Last meal before another attempted strict diet. Ordered sweet potato fries, onion rings and Two 8 two burger medium well to go. The sweet potato fries weren't crispy but had the authentic, not frozen taste. The onion rings were real pieces of onion and crispy - not the fast food joints. Both fried items were not grossly oily or salty but instead hit the spot for a deep fried craving. Now for the burger, we believe that all burgers should have this bun. Pretty much a potato bun keeping the patty warm and moist. The entire combination was just perfect. Each bite had such flavor and texture. The pepper gave it the real touch similar to the purpose of a pickle but to a whole new level. The burger would've been even better with tomato and lettuce. Overall, this was a great meal that really hit the craving for us and totally worth the drive on the highway.
Came here based off the Yelp reviews and I got a classic burger with bacon. I must say that my fellow yelpers got this one right. Burger was cooked well. Fries were very tasty. The pickles had the perfect crunch and sourness to them too. Great outdoor seating area, I was happy!
My friend suggested this fun-sports bar-ish spot in the Boerum Hill area. I tried the "Hot Date" cocktail, Impossible Burger, and sweet potato fries. All 3 absolutely hit the spot! The Hot Date was kind of like a spicy, tangy, and sweet eggnog. I had two (hey, it's Thursday!) and felt all warm and tipsy afterwards, just like a hot date should feel. ;) The Impossible Burger with cheddar cheese (extra $1) was melt-in-your-mouth good, but would add ketchup.  Lettuce and tomato automatically come on the side. Sweet potato fries were solid - no complaints here. They've got 2 bathrooms that are clean enough, and service was attentive without being annoying. They brought me an extra ketchup without me asking. Great job.
Delivery was a complete nightmare
Ordered a burger at 7:52pm, didn't receive until 10:33
Yes, you've read that correctly.
I was a hangry bitch.
Called and the manager made excuses, took no responsibility and directed me to call caviar.
Never ordering from here again.
I'm not sure how this spot averages 4 stars with 600+ reviews but I was really deceived by the reviews.  I've had better burgers and fries at white castle. The fries were honestly such a disaster. McDonalds serves fries that are warmer, saltier, and crisper. My burger came with caramelized onions but my onions were barely even cooked. The burger patty itself was really mediocre and thin. The presentation was very offputting. My burger came on a lone white plate, it felt like I was in a back alley diner. You eat with your eyes as well and I was really not impressed. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone because honestly, you can go into a fast food restaurant and get the same tasting burger for significantly cheaper. I was really disappointed with my dinner and felt like I wasted money. The waitress also spent her time on her phone at the booth instead of tending to her customers. We waited 10+ minutes for the check when there was only one other table of customers and we were in her direct view.  I rarely feel so negative about a place but this spot really made me feel like I wasted my time, money, and appetite.
Great burgers and fries, chill staff. I've been coming here for years and love the relaxed feel. They are serious about their burgers, too. I remember one year during the Atlantic Antic street fair, they ran out of their locally sourced beef way before the fair ended. Not ones to sacrifice quality, they just stopped serving burgers, to the disappointment of many. I appreciated the fact that they wouldn't substitute a lesser quality meat and chuckled at the poor planning. This isn't a chain, folks. You get what you get! Just relax, have a drink, and enjoy it for what it is. You won't regret it.

ETA: I always stick to a bacon cheeseburger w/onions, sans 282 sauce (and sans bun - it's still good!) If you get a burger with the 282 sauce, I suggest you ask for the sauce on the side the first time around.  Also, the burgers are extremely juicy. A lot of grease will drip onto your plate. If that's a problem for you, you may want to order something else. I'm not a huge fan of that but love the burgers anyway!
I had the two 8 two burger which consists of toasted poblano Chiles, cheese and their special sauce. I enjoyed it very much and although I thought it was small, it was pretty filling!
The potato buns they used were the perfect match with the burger.
My guy had the double cheeseburger which he really enjoyed. He even compared it to the shake shack and said that it was pretty similar taste wise!
We ordered a side of fries and it was a very generous portion. They gave us enough fries to go around and I do love fries.
The only downfall I'd say is that they charge for side of pickles. I get that it's only $1 but there was only 3 small sized pickles.. and also, the burgers don't come with fries on the side. If you want them, you need to order them separately.

Besides that, taste wise they're pretty good!
My second visit here.  This time I had to write a review

The Food:  I had the pub burger and it was fantastic.  The bun was so soft and lightly toasted on the grill.  the burger was cooked perfectly, juicy with a great crust on it and it was seasoned perfectly.  All around great burger.  If I had to add one slight criticism it would be that  the bacon, while tasty, just didn't have the pop the rest of the ingredients had.  I don't feel like the bacon was loved when it was cooked.  I also had the onion rings which were battered which i prefer over breadcrumbs.

The Beer:  This place has a nice selection of your normal not expensive go to beers and some good local and non local crafts.  I've been twice and found craft beers on the menu that I had not had before both times.  (believe me that is impressive)

Great place for a burger and a beer.  (sorry I forgot photos)
Yummm! So juicy and flavorful. Their meat was good quality. So good! Their sweet potatoe fries were delicious and not saggy at all. They also have a full bar. Seating was plentiful.
I was in mood for a burger( not fast food burger) and pulled over as I was in downtown Brooklyn area.  I used yelp and decided to give this place a chance.  Glad I did!  Was a takeout order because of COVID and that can be problematic but right now that is all you can do.  Anyway, I like the way everything was packaged and it was ready when I came to pick it up.  The food was great.  I ordered the Pub Burger and it was cooked the way I requested.  So good and juicy.  The bun was packaged on the side like I asked and the sauce was in a nice small container.  The sweet potato fries were cooked with perfection and survived re heating nicely.
Finally a place that has an efficient online system and a chef who fulfills your request.  Good job.  Will be a patron even after the pandemic.  Might even go in for a sit down!  Will recommend to my meat eating buddies!
Store changed its hours to closing at 9 and never updated their site or Yelp. Waste of time
Went for Good Beer Passport Dinner

Food - 2/5. The poblanos were really overpowering on the burger. Despite being roasted pretty well, the large slices of poblanos with their stringy texture did not fit well when eating a sandwich. Since you're cutting with your teeth, it wasn't a good texture especially when you have everything else to chew at the same time. Beef patty itself was pretty average and the two8two sauce was barely noticeable. There was a reason they served the burger with ketchup on the side.

Service - 4/5. Friendly and courteous.

Value - 2/5. Their namesake two8two burger runs at $10.50. It sounded good on paper, but the actual burger itself wasn't good to eat. Despite the price point, it doesn't come with any sides at all either. I definitely expected more.

Parking - Street (Free)
Before I start, I need to get this out of the way: Wow! "Two 8 Two Bar & Burger" (Named after the address) is a gem in Brooklyn that needs to be shared. This popular hot spot is a great place for hanging out with friends, or dining with a date. I came here by chance, but am grateful to have found it. Let me get into what happened.
I was looking for a place to eat with my brother while we were in Brooklyn. I pulled out my phone and went to Yelp. Long and behold, Yelp did not fail me. "Two 8 Two" came up on my radar. It was a ten minute walk from my job, so that was a plus. To add they had a weather guard up at the front door, so you know it wasn't going to be cold inside. Inside it was quaint and long. Once you walk past the bar, there's seating in the back. The hostess sat us in Brianna's section, a waitress that was very friendly. She filled our glasses quick and immediately took our orders. Looking around I loved the red walls and wooden seating. The place was tight, but seemed to get the most out of the space. In the summer, they have a patio in the back, if you feel like dining outside. Once I got the lay of the land out of the way the food came out. No surprise one order of fries were huge, so sharing is recommended. The new double burger was big and juicy to add. Looking at all the cheese and beef took me to my happy place. But it wasn't till I bit into the burger and tasted the beef and 282 sauce, that I started to sing. It was an incredible match. They only offer two types of cheese (Cheddar and gouda) But I understand why. The burger is made to support the taste of those two cheeses, they simply made a masterpiece and want you to experience it. That added with the home made fries and you have true fine dining. I would one hundred percent recommend this place. Great atmosphere, good service, and amazing food, make this a Brooklyn restaurant that's going to be on Atlantic for years to come.
The best drink (Bees knees)
Good burgers too. Love coming here late at night enjoying the music and environment.
I've only had the Greek fries from here and I've returned many times to order them again.
